	Wlencing had Deckard bound and gagged, with the South Saxons proceeding to carry him out into the Wildwood for some distance. They dropped him in a grove, leaving a knife perpendicular to him. Then, on the opposite side of the knife, the wives of the South Saxons placed the Naiad. The Naiad didn't move until after the South Saxons and their wives were all gone. Then, all she did was turn her head to the side. She waited almost half an hour before going and picking up the knife. She held it to Deckard's mouth and cut the gag with precision, then she cut the rope binding his arms and legs.
	
	"Up, Welshman," she said and he nodded. "They placed your armour and weaponry behind that tree. Put it on and we shall talk."
	
	Deckard obeyed, heading behind the tree but keeping his eye on the Naiad the whole time. She was right, his equipment was indeed there. It took a little bit to put it on but he kept his eye beyond the tree at the Naiad the whole time. She was static, as if she were frozen in time. Then, he walked back to her, feeling comfortable and secure in his armour. He wouldn't want to be in the Wildwood without it.
	
	"It doesn't matter how you secured my release," she shrugged off, "just tell me, are we free or are we being hunted as we were before?"
	
	"We're free, Wlencing isn't a huntsman like his brother was," said Deckard. Like Twyti was. "He wants me on a job for him."
	
	"Which is?"
	
	"Look, Naiad, I'd love to tell you more, but I don't even know your name," said Deckard. "I don't even know why I should take you."
	
	"What makes you think I'd go with you anyways? Like you said, you don't even know my name," she retorted.
	
	"Well, I guess we're at a stalemate until we go further," said Deckard, taking a brief moment of pause. There was no point in being stubborn in the middle of the Wildwood. "My name is Deckard, and you're correct, I'm Welsh."
	
	"My name is Nemea," she answered and he held out his hand, she just ignored it. Nemea, he thought, as he pulled his hand back. Like the legendary lion of old, which could not be killed by mortal weapons, for its golden fur was impervious. Its claws were sharper than iron and its teeth were as sharp as swords. There were many rumours as to its birth but the one that made most sense was that it was a construct, born from the Chimera. After killing the Nemean Lion, Hercules allegedly wore its skin as a coat, using its impervious fur to his own advantage.
	
	"What does Wlencing want you to do?" she asked.
	
	"Stop the Procurator," he answered.
	
	"Who is he?" she asked.
	
	"Aren't you from Constantinople?" he asked.
	
	"Yes, does it mean I should know every city official by heart?" she asked.
	
	"No, I guess not," he muttered. "His name is Lucius Tiberius and he's on a task for Emperor Zeno, involving rulers of lands of former territories of the empire. Given that Britannia is one of those territories, Wlencing is curious if he will come here next."
	
	"Why let me go?" she asked.
	
	"You're a pretty face he hoped to use to entice me into taking the job," answered Deckard. "That and he believes it suspicous that you came here from there while the Procurator is on the move. Which personally, I agree with him."
	
	"It's possible that this man is related to my visions," she said.
	
	"Visions," muttered Deckard.
	
	It made sense, even in the ancient stories, Naiads were gifted many fantastical abilities. From shapeshifting to a telekinetic control over water, partial clairvoyance seemed to be of the more believable of those abilities. It was also one of the more verifiable, Nimue was the only other Naiad that Deckard had ever seen. She may have been the only Naiad in the world until Nemea showed up. Nimue had also been blessed with clairvoyance, although nobody knew how far into the future she could see. Out of the many tales that had been told about her visions, one of the more peculiar ones was of a future Britannia. In it, a King of Britannia woulds show the Jews more kindness than they had seen in centuries before leading an army of legend to those backwaters lands that Pompey had conquered for Rome centuries ago. The rest of the vision was complicated but from what Deckard understood, this king would lead his men against those who ruled the lands of the Sasanians.
	
	"You mean to tell me that your appearance at the same time as Lucius Tiberius making his moves is a coincidence?" he asked.
	
	"Perhaps not," she said. "Maybe Lucius Tiberius is responsible for my vision."
	
	"Well... I have to go to Gaul," said Deckard. "I would advise you come with me. If you head alone, Wlencing's men will catch you again and likely burn you for practice of magic. Come with me, we'll go to the court of the Salian Franks, stop Lucius Tiberius and then head back to Castle Camelot so that Nimue can verify your claims."
	
	"You're threatening me to come with you?" asked Nemea.
	
	"No, I'm telling you that you will die if you don't."
	
	"That's a threat."
	
	"No, it's a warning but you're not my wife, your death will not be on my conscience," said Deckard, "all of your choices are your own."
	
	"Why do you feel so inclined to head to Gaul anyways? You could just take me to Castle Camelot now," she said.
	
	"Doing so would risk war," said Deckard. "Wlencing has spies all across his part of the Wildwood. He'll tell his father I broke his deal and am warning Arthur of him. Arthur is currently preoccupied with Urien and Leodegrance and the South Saxons will decimate Camelot if they go to war. I made a deal with Wlencing and if I honour it, there is a chance I could avoid a bloody war. Your life is not determine the success of my end of the deal."
	
	"Then why would Wlencing let me go?" asked Nemea.
	
	"Likely, he assumes I would use you as a hostage against Lucius Tiberius, given that he assumes you work for him," explained Deckard. "But he is a madman and I canot discern why he does anything." Deckard paused then and looked Nemea in the eyes. She seemed young and she seemed scared. No doubt that his words had made her more scared than she would have been otherwise. "Come with me. When I made a deal with Wlencing, he only said he'd let you go out of hopes to get me to take the deal. Like you said, maybe Lucius Tiberius is tied to your vision."
	
	
	
	