	Wlencing paced around the room a little, as far as Deckard could tell. Then, Wlencing paced around a little faster and with a bit of a manic rush. "But if I had to guess," said Deckard and immediately Wlencing stopped. Good. The mad prince was waiting for him to talk.
	
	"Yes? If you had to guess?" Wlencing asked without sparing a breath, his face a mite's distance away from Deckard.
	
	"I've heard rumours that Zeno is fed up of the rebellions to his reign," said Deckard, "and Odoacer's assumption of rule over Rome hurt him... emotionally. He's fed up with the Ostrogoth... Theoderic and... he's angry that he rules half the empire that once was." In truth, Deckard didn't know if any of this was true or not. It was conjecture, things that he picked up in taverns or town halls from would be merchants claiming to have come from distant lands with news. The point was, Constantinople was so far away that Wlencing had as good a hope at verifying the truth of the matter as Deckard.
	
	"Get to the point, I've heard all of this," growled Wlencing, pressing his cool steel dagger to Deckard's bound hand.
	
	"Naiads are ancient Achaean creatures," said Deckard. "They aren't of the descent of Cain like Grendel's lineage, they aren't undead like vampires and they've nothing to do with the legends of Britons. Zeno rules over Achaean lands. It is possible that he sent the Naiad, among others, to scout of the locations that were lost. I think if you contacted Clovis, you'd find maybe he caught a Naiad in Gaul?"
	
	"That... actually sounds quite reasonable," muttered Wlencing, sounding like a real person for the first time. "You see, I've heard rumours about Clovis myself and Odoacer... and Euric... and even as far as Gunthamund." All of the rulers of the territories once held by Rome west of Constantinople. Clovis was a Frank who ruled Gaul, Odoacer was something he kept to himself and ruled Italy, Euric a Visigoth that reigned over Hispania and Gunthamund a Vandal reigning in northern Africa. "One name ties all those discrete rumours together: Lucius Tiberius."
	
	"The Procurator?"
	
	"So you do know him!" Wlencing gleefully clapped. "Yes, the Procurator of Constantinople. Word has it, he's gone to all of those kings I've mentioned to demand tribute from them unto Zeno."