	"You're right," said Deckard, "I've done terrible things in service to Arthur's dream. We've all but one of us done terrible things. We are the guardians of Arthur's fear that one day, his dream will fail. We accept that and even though we do everything for the dream, deep down, we all know that it was never a dream made for us. You said what you did to turn me against Arthur but we place his dream above us willingly because he does as well. We don't do what we do because he tells us to but because we know it is what he would do. For the dream, we would go to Hell so that the rest of the world can share Heaven."
	
	"A genuine confession," said the druid. "Now, at least you'll die having said how you truly feel."
	
	Deckard held up his sword as the druid twisted his wand and then pulled on it. It was almost as if a hole opened up in the wand and he pulled a blade out of it. The old man smiled at Deckard, holding up the sword and the dagger to him.
	
	Deckard lunged at the old man, aiming to try and sweep his head off with one swift move. The old man raised up his dagger and parried him vertically, sending his arms into the air and exposing his core. Deckard fell down to the left as the old man tried to stab him with his sword. However, he was now in a worse position than he had been in before, lying on his side atop a rickety boat being taken across the sea by a ferryman certain to have pissed himself over and over again. He had to act fast. And so, before the old man could react to Deckard on the ground, the noble kicked his armoured boot at the old man's ankle, crushing it. The old man howled in agony and fell to the side of the boat, dropping his weapons. Deckard wasted no time in getting back up to his feet and grabbing the old man by the head and smashing it over the side of the boat several times.
	
	Yet then, the old man elbowed him square in the chest and it hurt. It really hurt. Somehow, this old unarmoured man had managed to hit through his armour hard enough to hit. Deckard went reeling, almost falling into the two soldiers. Why weren't they helping? The old man jumped atop Deckard and raised his arms and started beating down on his armour. The pain was almost indescribable, for it was not just the old man's might bearing down on him but the steel of his armour bouncing up and down over his chest. Out of the single moment of clarity afforded ot him between the pain, Deckard grabbed the old man's hands and started to crush them. The old man howled in agony and then ceased when Deckard smashed their foreheads into each other.
	
	Grabbing the old man by the neck, Deckard lifted him high into the air and then smashed him down. Deckard bent his knee over the man's drop zone, thus crushing the druid's spine over his armoured kneecap. It hurt himself as well but nowhere near as much as it did this dangerous old man. Picking up his sword, Deckard impaled the old man through that grisly smile of his. Raising the fallen old druid high above his head, Deckard threw the man over into the sea. Whatever this man was, there was a chance he could recover. He was too dangerous to let there even be a chance of living. The sea would claim him.
	
	Deckard turned to Nemea and she pointed him to the soldiers and the family. All six of them were standing and then, they faded, as if they were an illusion of the light, having never truly even been there in the first place and Deckard understood. They were just that, something planted by the old man to give the two of them a false sense of security so that he could try and let them feel at least a little bit in power before he tried duping them. The ferryman, however, at least seemed genuine as he fell to his knees and started sobbing, nearly dropping his massive oar into the water.
	
	Picking up the old man's sword and dagger, Deckard felt something within them. A kind of energy. He felt his hands warm up within seconds of holding them. Whatever this was, it felt good... but it was distracting. Deckard through the weapons into the sea. They were now his tribute to Neptune, may the rest of their journey be guided well.
	
	"You weren't supposed to beat him," said Nemea.
	
	"What?"
	
	"I believe he wasn't lying about his visions," she said. "You weren't supposed to beat him."
	
	"Well, he told me my future and I changed it," said Deckard, "because he only ever saw one possible future, how many times do I have to repeat that?"
	
	Nemea smiled and that, Deckard realized, may have been the first time he saw her smile. So that was what it took to get some real emotion out of her? Almost get killed by a naked old man somehow more dangerous than anybody he ever faced in his life? Great, just great.
	
	
	
	