	"You don't even know what my vision is," she told him. "My vision concerns the Britons, not court of King Clovis."
	
	"You yourself just came from Gaul, correct?" he asked.
	
	"Yes," she nodded.
	
	"Then you know, it takes a day to get from the Gallic shore to the British one," he said. "It takes two more days on that to get to King Clovis. Whatever happens in Gaul directly affects what goes on here." This was true, three years ago, Clovis became king not of the Salian Franks, but of about five hundred Frankish barbarians - none of whom wanted to serve a sixteen year old by. It had been three years since and Clovis had proven himself to not only be a capable young king, but one who had been able to gain the respect of his soldiers and of other kings. However, for three years, Clovis had to operate carefully in Gaul. He could not just wage war, for that would put trade with Britannia in danger, giving any number of British or Saxon kings cause to invade and crush the young Frank.
	
	Nemea's visage, however, did not change. She remained unconvinced by his argument.
	
	"Take me to Camelot or I shall go there myself," she said. Deckard could not and she knew it. She waited for a few seconds for an answer and upon getting none, she turned to leave him where he stood.
	
	"Show me your vision," said Deckard and she turned around.
	
	"Impossible," she told him and turned back to leave.
	
	"No!" he said, a bit louder than he expected to and put his hand on her shoulder. She wheeled around and grabbed him by the throat, lifting him into the air.
	
	"Any such behaviour will be regarded as an attack, Deckard," she said. "Remember, you are just a human. I am of the children of the Titans!"
	
	"Telepathy," he choked and she dropped him to the ground, where he fell onto his back with a crash. It felt like he was bouncing against the metal of his armour. Nemea seemed to afford him some time to catch his breath.
	
	"Telepathy?" she asked.
	
	"Yes, Nimue... allegedly has it... you have to have it as well," he said. "You can show me your dream."
	
	"I have not used my telepathic powers in such a way she said," and she closed her eyes.
	
	"What?" gasped Deckard, placing a hand on his sore neck.
	
	'This is telepathy. It is used for the transmission of thought from one to another,' she thought and Deckard felt like falling back. He heard that! He heard her thoughts! Or... he thought her thoughts? That was... that was... exhilirating! It felt like for a second like he could get lost in his own thoughts. Like there was another world the likes of Nemea could go to and he just got a taste of it by that one thought. If this was possible, then that had to be possible as well. He couldn't let Wlencing's men carve her up.
	
	'Think of the vision,' he thought back and closed his eyes, laying prone back against the ground. 'Just as you're sending me your thoughts. Send me your vision.'
	
	All was silent for a heartbeat.
	
	Then, he heard her gasp and then he saw.
	
	
	
	