	Deckard didn't have time to ponder Nemea's words for right then, the strange old man stepped to the ferryman's back and raised out of a knife to the man's neck. He dropped his cloak, letting his blue tattoos shimmer under the light of the sun over the sea. He was almost naked, with a makeshift loincloth being the only thing sparing the rest of the ferry from his ungratuitous nudity. It took Deckard a few seconds too long to realize what was going on, as soon as he charged for the druid, the man pulled out a wooden stick and telekinetically pushed him back into the two Saxon soldiers.
	
	"Roman idiot," growled the druid and Deckard struggled to get up under the weight of the spell. He turned to the soldiers and they had backed up to the edge of the ferry in fear while the family seemed to have retreated into the blackness of their blanket. The ferryman stood trembling, sweating as the druid raised the knife to the man's neck. That bastard, Deckard realized. The ferryman knew all along who the old man was... and he let them come on board anyways. Deckard took a good look at the family. It was a weak father, a malnourished mother and their two starving children. This was a family that should've been dead weeks into winter somehow still holding on to life. He looked at the soldiers. They were likely deserters unable to put up with serving under Wlencing. None of these people deserved to die. None of them deserved what the druid was going to do to them for his own sick entertainment.
	
	Deckard tried to get up and stand but he could not. The more he struggled, the harder it became.
	
	'Calm,' he heard Nemea think. 'Calm down. Think of your beloved, if you have one. Think of your son, if you have one. Think of your daughter, if you have one. Think of your parents, if they still live. Calm down.'
	
	Deckard took some deep breaths and he thought of the first time he met Raechelle. It was like the memory was locked behind a wall of glass as thick as brick. He could see through but the picture was opaque and dirty. However, he thought, or maybe he imagined, he could see her smile. Then the image behind the glass wall shifted and behind the glass he could see the darkness. He knew what it was. He was there with Lucan and Tristan when they Leodegrance's Sons in his spider hole right outside of Cameliard. It wasn't a calming memory but it was galvanizing.
	
	He grabbed his sword and out of sheer will, he forced his way through the druid's spell.
	
	"Whatever demon at sea you plan on summoning, forget it," said Deckard and the old man turned around.
	
	"My dear boy, trying to be a real man, are we? A chivalrous noble of Arthur?" asked the druid. "There's only death on this boat. The sooner you accept that, the sooner I can get on with my business."
	
	"You're no Pict," said Deckard. "What are you?"
	
	Then the old man smiled at him with a most disgusting grin. His mouth had been split from ear to ear and then sewn up with the intestinal sinews found in a boar's gut. They wouldn't hold and so he would get them replaced but this way, the disgusting tattoos theat formed a tapestry of death and carnage on his gums were visible. Unlike other druids that Deckard had faced, this one used the blood of his victims as his facepaint, with the dried up crust of it attracting flies to his temple. They were at sea and yet it seemed as if the old man's smile was practically radiating heat and hate.
	
	"I, my dear boy, am something far more dangerous than a simple Pict or even a simple druid," grinned the old man. "I'm here for the same reason you are. For the same reason the water witch is." The old man turned to Nemea and gave her his grin this time. "Only my vision is more complete than her's. I've seen myself kill you two thousands of times since I was four years old and that was a long time ago."
	
	Then the old man's eyes flashed a kind of obsidian black. A darkness out of which no light escaped and in which men and women themselves could get lost with no hope of ever getting out of there. They were eyes of men who had descended to those very depths whose mysteries had plagued Deckard and other sailors. They were the eyes not of evil but of men who had lived through such villainy the they became impervious to the moral standards the likes of the Mounted Nobles upheld on others. This was a son of the Erinyes and he had been to Orcus and beyond.
	
	"Do you know why Arthur's dream delights me so?" hissed the old man and he took his knife away from the ferryman's neck. "Because it is pure. Because it is good. Few things truly are good in this world. You are supposed to be good. Are you, Deckard?"
	
	"I'm better than you," he gritted.
	
	"Oh, that I don't doubt," said the old man. "Now that's a coincidence. The last man to have told me that thought he was good as well and he was... but you, Deckard? You follow the rules of good but you're soul is every bit as black as mine."
	
	"Is this some kind of recruitment drive?"
	
	"Yes," nodded the old man. "In every version of the vision I've seen of this day, I kill you two today. Then, in thirteen years, Camelot falls and Arthur's dream dies. I can't wait to play my part, but why fight the vision? I could use a one like you in my work. Tell me, Deckard, what has Arthur's dream ever done for you?"
	
	"Arthur's dream has brought stability to the lands and people of Camelot!" growled Deckard. The noble wanted to leap forward and gut the old man right there but he could not. This old sorcerer, whoever he was, had the advantage over them. His magical ability was unknown and his shared knowledge of this terrible future meant that it was likely unprecedented.
	
	"Yes, it's helped a few beggars and peasants here and there, but what has it done for you?" asked the old man. "How long ago did the dream require you and Lucan and Tristan to kill Leodegrance's sons? Yes, they were parasites of the night but they were still children. Did you ever think why you had to kill them? Surely Nimue could have arranged for them to be reduced to daywalkers like their older sister?"
	
	'He's lying, vampirism is uncurable,' Nemea thought to Deckard.
	
	"Maybe Arthur had you kill the sons to remove all of Leodegrance's male heirs," said the old man. "They were children, in no way a threat to anybody. A vampire's teeth are no more dangerous than a human's until their state of undeath hits their equivalent to what many of the living have called puberty. You see, with the sons out of the way, Guinevere inherits the Kingdom of Cameliard and since Arthur is her husband, it is his by right. Arthur's dream was built off of a lie, with him compromising those most dedicated to it because he is afraid. Arthur's dream his his candle light at the darkness at the edge of the world. Some childish hope that he built up to protect himself from the dangers that Twyti exposed him to. It cannot hold. It will never hold. After all, you whisper for the dream but you cut down those who oppose it from behind, not even giving him a fair duel? What use is a pure dream if the ones try to make it real can never follow it themselves? My dear boy, you have been with me since the moment you agreed to follow Arthur. You can accept this and follow me now or I can cut you and the witch down as my visions have told me I do."
	
	"Your visions are just one possible future," said Deckard.
	
	"Then I suppose if you refuse my offer, you have one chance out of this," hissed the old man.
	
	'I can't let him hurt the others,' Deckard thought, hoping that Nemea would hear him.	
	
	'You're too weak to fight him,' Nemea thought to him.
	
	'Any better idea?'
	
	'Allow me to do so.'
	
	
	
	