	The theory that Deckard could tell Wlencing was getting on was not incredulous, but it made no real sense for Lucius Tiberius to go and visit Rome. Odoacer already directly paid tribute to Zeno, after having paid tribute by way of a proxy for several years prior. Euric was a tyrant and partially responsible for the situation between Arthur and Urien and so, Deckard saw no possible way that he would ever pay tribute to Rome. Clovis and Gunthamund were different and could possibly be persuaded to do so under the right terms and conditions.
	
	"I'm so glad you came to the same conclusion as me," said Wlencing. "It spares me from having to kill you like the old man wants me to. Tell you what, if you agree, and I mean on your honour Mounted Noble, to do a service for me, I will pardon you of your crime."
	
	"Pardon me of the murder of your elder brother?" asked Deckard.
	
	"Well, you already said you didn't do it! Who am I to say you're a liar!" laughed Wlencing. "Now, now... what I have to ask you Mounted Noble is this, when I set you free, I will also set free the Naiad. Two already dead corpses will be buried in your names. On your honour, you find out the truth about Lucius Tiberius and you tell me and you are free to go."
	
	"You don't even know my name," said Deckard.
	
	"Woah, it's almost like you want to die," laughed Wlencing. "Well, Mounted Noble... you're married, which cuts the number in half, you haven't reported marching on Leodegrance or on Urien, which drastically cuts that number down. Then your age singles you out. You, my dear noble, are Deckard. Although I'd heard you died a year back... now that the formalities are out of the way between us, let's make like old friends... do you agree? Do you want to see Raechelle again, or no?"
	
	Deckard looked up at Wlencing and stared the Saxon in the eyes. How much did he know?
	
	"War will be unavoidable," said Wlencing. "I will lead my father's armies due to Cymen's death, promise me this and if I take Camelot, I will spare your wife and have her treated for, cared for by my sister and her handmaidens. All this, in addition to you living today until then."
	
	"I accept," said Deckard, and Wlencing smiled in a manner most unbefitting of the savage he had presented himself as.
	
	
	
	