	Wlencing had Deckard bound and gagged, with the South Saxons proceeding to carry him out into the Wildwood for some distance. They dropped him in a grove, leaving a knife perpendicular to him. Then, on the opposite side of the knife, the wives of the South Saxons placed the Naiad. The Naiad didn't move until after the South Saxons and their wives were all gone. Then, all she did was turn her head to the side. She waited almost half an hour before going and picking up the knife. She held it to Deckard's mouth and cut the gag with precision, then she cut the rope binding his arms and legs.
	
	"Up, soldier," she said and he nodded. "They placed your armour and weaponry behind that tree. Put it on and we shall talk."
	
	Deckard obeyed, heading behind the tree but keeping his eye on the Naiad the whole time. She was right, his equipment was indeed there. It took a little bit to put it on but he kept his eye beyond the tree at the Naiad the whole time. She was static, as if she were frozen in time. Then, he walked back to her, feeling comfortable and secure in his armour. He wouldn't want to be in the Wildwood without it.
	
	"Who are you?" he asked.
	
	"I shall ask the questions," she said, shaking her head. "How did you secure my release?"
	
	"By following Wlencing's insane suggestions," he answered.
	
	"Which were?"
	
	"That I'd go with you to Lucius Tiberius and see what he will want with Britannia," said Deckard.
	
	"I do not know this man," she commented. "Who is he?"
	
	"The Procurator of Rome, he serves Emperor Zeno in Constantinople," said Deckard.
	
	"Why would the Saxon associate me with him?" she asked.
	
	"You're a Naiad, your ancestors are from Achaea, the lands on which the eastern empire of Rome has been built," explained Deckard. "In addition, Nimue was the only one of your kind in these lands. Your appearance is circumspect."
	
	"What is your name?" she asked.
	
	"Deckard," he said, "and now, you tell me your name."
	
	"Nemea," she answered. Nemea? Deckard knew the legend of Hercules well, the first of his twelve legendary labours was to take down the Nemean Lion. The descendents of Hercules were referred to as the Heracleidae, although that lineage had reportedly been wiped out hundreds of years ago. Still, as a child, Deckard had heard rumours that a congregation of the surviving Heracleidae had occurred at the Gates of Alexander. Nemea could have been of that stock, it would at least explain her name.
	
	"And what are you doing so far from Achaea, Nemea?" asked Deckard.
	
	"I had a vision once," she said. "And I followed the vision here."
	
	"Great," muttered Deckard.
	
	He didn't doubt that she could see into the future. Nimue had also been blessed with clairvoyance, although nobody knew how far into the future she could see. It had been rumoured around Castle Camelot that she had once seen far into the future and seen a terrible vision of Huns, or those who came from Huns, marching into Constantinople at the command of a boy-king. The last emperor of Rome fought valiantly against the Huns but eventually, he was cut up so badly that after he fell and his head was marched through Constantinople, none could even recognize his face. Or so the story went. Nimue had never confirmed or denied it and Deckard had never really wanted to ask if it was true.
	
	"You mean to tell me that your appearance at the same time as Lucius Tiberius making his moves is a coincidence?" he asked.
	
	"Perhaps not," she said. "Maybe Lucius Tiberius is responsible for my vision."
	
	"Well... I have to go to Gaul," said Deckard. "I would advise you come with me. If you head alone, Wlencing's men will catch you again and likely burn you for practice of magic. Come with me, we'll go to the court of the Salian Franks. They serve King Clovis, he'll listen and help me stop Lucius Tiberius and then we head back to Castle Camelot so that Nimue can verify your claims."
	
	"You're threatening me to come with you?" asked Nemea.
	
	"No, I'm telling you that you will die if you don't."
	
	"That's a threat."
	
	"I'm not the one who'll be killing you," said Deckard.
	
	"Why do you feel so inclined to head to Gaul anyways? You could just take me to Castle Camelot now," she said.
	
	"Doing so would risk war," said Deckard. "Wlencing has spies all across his part of the Wildwood. He'll tell his father I broke his deal and am warning Arthur of him. Arthur is currently preoccupied with Urien and Leodegrance and the South Saxons will decimate Camelot if they go to war. I made a deal with Wlencing and if I honour it, there is a chance I could avoid a bloody war. Your life is not determine the success of my end of the deal."
	
	"Then why would Wlencing let me go?" asked Nemea.
	
	"Likely, he assumes I would use you as a hostage against Lucius Tiberius, given that he assumes you work for him," explained Deckard. "But he is a madman and I canot discern why he does anything." Deckard paused then and looked Nemea in the eyes. She seemed young and she seemed scared. No doubt that his words had made her more scared than she would have been otherwise. "Come with me. When I made a deal with Wlencing, he only said he'd let you go out of hopes to get me to take the deal. Like you said, maybe Lucius Tiberius is tied to your vision."
	
	
	
	