	"Did you see it?" asked Nemea and Deckard opened his eyes, immediately taking in a breath of air while gripping his throat. He looked at her, his eyes full of fear at the events destined to come. All of that horror. All of that indescribable death. How many souls would descend into Orcus that day, he wondered and would his soul be one of them? He hadn't been in the vision at all, or maybe he just hadn't focused. Raechelle. Where was Raechelle in that vision? Of course she wouldn't be in it. The vision was of the fortress of Camboglanna, Raechelle would be far enough away from there.
	
	"I... I saw it," he answered when he felt like he'd caught his breath.
	
	"Now, tell me, what is more important," she paused, "the truth of that, or this Lucius Tiberius?"
	
	There was nothing about that vision that indicated that directly Lucius Tiberius or Emperor Zeno could be involved. No, from that vision, it seemed clear that the Picts were amassing a horde and that barbarous Pict, the one who was dueling with Arthur, was their general. Who could be responsible for such an army? Not Lot, for though he was a king of the Picts, Arthur would have gotten word of his activities by now. Unless the recruitment drive was yet to begin. After all, there was nothing in the vision indicating when it was happening, just that Arthur and Lucan seemed a little older.
	
	"I don't know," said Deckard, his voice barely a whisper. "I don't know what I just saw."
	
	"No," she said. "You do know. Tell me what you saw."
	
	"When will that happen?" he asked.
	
	"In thirteen years," she said.
	
	"How do you know?"
	
	"I just do."
	
	"It was a battle," he said, his voice quivering in shock. "Arthur... Camelot... what was left of my people against the Picts... a horde of Picts."
	
	"The king and the black bearded barbarian, who were they?" she asked.
	
	"Arthur was the king and the barbarian is probably some boy being trained right now for war given how young he seemed to be," he said.
	
	"So we go to the Picts and we kill them, we shall do this," she said and extended her hand. He grabbed it and allowed her to pull him up.
	
	"You would kill an innocent child for a crime he hasn't even committed yet?" asked Deckard. "Besides, how are you going to do that? Kill every Pictish child you see?"
	
	"If I need to," she said and Deckard hoped she recognized the impossibility of her statement.
	
	"The only way to avoid that vision would be to invade the Picts," he said, "but even that is impossible. Their land and the people born there cannot be conquered. The emperor Hadrian recognized that and that is why he built his wall. That is why the wall is maintained to this day. They cannot be conquered but they can be contained."
	
	"My vision indicates otherwise," she said.
	
	"Your vision is one possible future," said Deckard. "Besides, the issue in your vision wasn't the Picts. It was Camelot. We were fighting with an army that was... different to the army that we have today. Depleted. Undiscipled. Untrained. What I mean to say is, in your visions, the Picts faced off against an army of Camelot that would allow such a horde to pass Hadrian's wall."
	
	"So it is Camelot that defends the wall?" she asked.
	
	"Camelot has sent warriors to the wall," he said, "but it falls into the lands of the Kingdom of Rheged, under King Urien... with whom Camelot is currently at war. The maintenance of Hadrian's Wall is perhaps the only point of neutrality between both kingdoms."
	
	"Then let us go to Camelot and warn Arthur of this future," she said and it was a reasonable request. "Surely you know the Pictish king under whom this horde assembles. If we take him out then the general is irrelevant!"
	
	"Why do you even care?" he asked. "You're not from here. What does it matter to you if this land burns or not?"
	
	"I used to dream of this place," she answered as she looked up to the trees above her, which grew so high they covered the sky. "The Wildwood. My mother told me that was all they were. Dreams. I saw many faces, many battles but above it all, I saw this beautiful forest. Constantinople is not like this. It is a testament to stone and man but it is not like this... this beautiful tapestry of nature and life. I care, oh great Tribune of Camelot, because this place has been home in my mind as long as I can remember."
		
	"I can get you to the Picts," said Deckard, lowering his head in thought, "but you have to go with me to King Clovis."
	
	"This again?"
	
	"Forget about Lucius Tiberius," said Deckard, shaking his head. "Getting to the wall through here with the war between Arthur and Urien is impossible. Only soldiers marked for duty at the Wall can pass. The Salian Franks send supplies to the Wall of Hadrian, they've been hired as intermediaries by merchants in Camelot and Rheged. We can board a merchant ship and get to the Wall."
	
	Nemea looked at him for a second with those burning emerald eyes of hers. The second seemed to go on forever. Then, she just smiled and nodded in agreement.
	
	
	
	