	Getting to the boatman on the shore from wherever they were in the Wildwood was a hassle, Deckard had to admit. Finding a ferryman was an even bigger frustration. Finding a ferryman willing to take them across the sea known as the Channel to Gaul was the biggest frustration. Ultimately, however, they had managed to find one, also ferrying over a family, two Saxon soldiers and a scrawny old man with a black cloack to Gaul. For a ferry, this was not a big boat as Deckard had expected. In fact, it hardly had the right to call itself that. From first sight, it was a surprise that this man could tow eight people and then himself across.
	
	Deckard had taken this kind of ferry ride once before. He enjoyed it. The cold air blowing above the water, the salt rising above the water into their noses and the uncertainty below them. He'd heard many Saxons swear they had seen the Kraken, or sea serpents or dragons flying from above. All fantasy, it seemed but then again, men could not breathe under the water, so it was more mystery than fantasy. Maybe Deckard should have been made one of the Jutes, he seemed to love the ocean as much as them. The others on the ferry did not act that way. The family was huddled behind a blanket, the two soldiers were as still as statues, the old man lurked off to the corner and the ferryman stood tall above them all. Deckard just sat, looking out into the distance with Nemea by his side.
		
	"What's Camelot like?" asked Nemea.
	
	"I thought you saw it in your dreams," said Deckard.
	
	"I saw the Wildwood in my dreams," corrected Nemea, "and I felt at one with it but... these kingdoms of Camelot and Rheged..."
	
	"There's several kingdoms," said Deckard. "Most aren't worth mentioning. Camelot and Rheged are undoubtedly the most powerful and then there's the South Saxons, Cornwall and Cameliard. All of the other kingdoms are minor, nominally independent but essentially functioning provinces of others."
	
	"This war you've mentioned, Camelot faces Rheged over what?" she asked.
	
	"Urien declared a war of rebellion against Arthur," answered Deckard. "Before Arthur, there was Riothamus and under him, Camelot and Rheged were as I've mentioned, province-kingdoms. Rheged went to war to help Rome and he lost. He was weak and Urien declared independence."
	
	"But, wouldn't this give Camelot independence too?" asked Nemea.
	
	"You'd think," chuckled Deckard, "but for some reason, even after his own rule over Rheged was assured, Urien kept fighting. As if he had something to prove to Arthur, as if he wanted to show himself as the better king."
	
	"Why haven't you won?" she asked.
	
	"We would've won a while ago," admitted Deckard, "but it turned out that Cameliard was a false kingdom, ruled by a brood of vampires. That was perhaps the one issue more pressing than concluding this war properly. Arthur ended up stuck on two fronts and Urien was given the chance to fight back."
	
	"I see," she nodded. "What about the Picts? Do they organize themselves in these kingdoms and petty kingdoms?"
	
	"I don't know," said Deckard. "The only Pictish ruler that I know is King Lot, he rules over the islands of Orkney. He's always hated Arthur but he's never done anything open about it. Word has had it that he was behind a few raids that we repulsed. Aside from Lot, there are seven primary Pictish kings but what their relations to each other are and to the petty kingdoms, I cannot say. I can only say they aren't organized or bold enough to lead the horde from your vision yet."
	
	"Have you ever been to the land of the Picts?" she asked.
	
	"Once, a year ago," said Deckard.
	
	"How? You would have had to go through Rheged."
	
	"We hid, we fled and we attacked from behind," he said hesitantly. It wasn't something he wanted to think about. It was hard to think about it. "It was difficult."
	
	"Why would you go there?" she asked, her emerald eyes peering into his. As if she could see something in him that even he could not.
	
	"One of the druids of the Picts had learned how to create clay men," said Deckard. 
	
	"Spartoi?" whispered Nemea and Deckard nodded. The word itself was taboo.
	
	"He'd created a troop of them," said Deckard. "We thought he'd intended to use them to create standing stone rings, fortresses and castles... to use them as assassins... they killed him and dispersed around the land. We didn't want to go. I still don't think we had to. I don't know how Arthur found about them since Nimue was gone at the time but he insisted we go."
	
	"Did you stop them?" she asked.
	
	"Every last one," said Deckard.
	
	"You did the right thing."
	
	
	
	