	Deckard and Nemea didn't speak again until they reached the shore of Gaul. By that time, night had fallen and it was clear they would have to find shelter until they could make it to Tournai to meet with King Clovis. However, the first thing that Deckard had to do was handle the business with the ferryman. He had deliberately chosen to leave the man alone until they made it to Gaul just to avoid the man jumping into the sea in fear. Now, though, it was nigh time for some answers. When the ferry was docked, Nemea readily got off of it but Deckard made no such moves.
	
	"You ferried a dangerous druid with us," said Deckard, turning to face the trembling ferryman. "Neither of us have stepped foot on Gaul yet and thus, I still have the authority to act on behalf of King Arthur."
	
	"Please," said the ferryman, collapsing to his knees, clasping his hands together.
	
	"Please what? I haven't even accused you of anything yet, let alone passed my judgment," said Deckard. He briefly looked back at Nemea, who seemed practically unfazed to the situation at hand. "Or do you have something to confess to me?"
	
	"The druid, he held my mind captive," said the ferryman. "He said he'd seen my future, then he conjured all those people like it was a dream! I was scared!"
	
	"In the face of fear, my friend, is when we act," said Deckard. Then, he turned around and got off the ferry, giving up any authority he could have held over the man.
	
	He pointed Nemea over to the nearest tavern and they quickly got lodging for the night. The young woman running the tavern, likely in lieu of her husband, was a quiet sort, who seemed to only speak the Frankish tongue who had to get the tavern's cook to translate for her. The cook could barely speak Latin but had picked up enough from those coming from Britannia to know that they only needed one night's shelter, dinner and breakfast. He did not, however, understand Nemea when she requested to only be given meals without any form of meat or egg. It took several minutes of back and forth between the cook's broken Latin and Deckard's broken Frankish to finally convince the man what Nemea wanted in her meals.
	
	"Are Naiads supposed to be vegetarian?" asked Deckard.
	
	"I'm not," she said. "My parents taught me never to have any animal flesh unless it were prepared by those I trust. It is easy to be poisoned if not prepared correctly."
	
	What little silver that Deckard had on him was enough for shelter and food, two things that he desperately needed. He hadn't considered his stomatch at all when fighting the ferryman but in truth, he had been starving then and that was probably why he did so badly in the fight. Yes, the druid was terrifying, so he couldn't completely blame the ferryman for his cowardice and that was the real reason why he had chosen to let the man go with a warning. The druid had scared Deckard. From the legends that he had heard of druids, beings that powerful were not supposed to exist. The druid he had faced in Pictish land wasn't really a powerful conjurer as reports had led on, rather, he was a sad old man living in despair.
	
	The only druid in historical record to have displayed the power that the old man did was Diviciacus of the Aedui, a Celtic tribe that once lived in Gaul that was ultimately absorbed by the Romans. Diviciacus had gone from Gaul to Rome and had spoken before the Roman Senate as a diplomat to request military aid. Somehow, likely by magic, Diviciacus had become a good friend of Julius Caesar and Cicero, two noted rivals. Ultimately, Diviciacus was responsible for Julius Caesar's conquest of Gaul and even the death of his own brother Dumnorix by Caesar's legendary sword, the Red Death.
	
	Whatever, the old man was dead. Deckard tried to shrug off all thoughts about druids and magic as he collapsed into the tavern bed. All he had to worry about was getting transportation to Tournai tomorrow.