	"You don't know what my vision is," she told him, with an edge in her voice. "My vision concerns the lives of those on Britannia, not those in Gaul."
	
	"We don't live in a world before Caesar," said Deckard. "What happens to the lives in Britannia will forevermore affect the lives in Gaul." Even before te time of Julius Caesar, there was trade between the Celtic tribes of Gaul and Britannia. In fact, that was why Caesar invaded Britannia, he had waged war with the Veneti tribe, who would take fugitives to the edge of the world and bring back reinforcements. From what records survived of those days, there were reports that some of the Gallic tribes had launched raids on Britannia and established coastal villages. Either way, Britannia and Gaul were forever connected.
		
	Nemea's visage, however, only changed for the worse as she furrowed her brow.
	
	"You can either come with me to Camelot, or I will go there of my own accord," she said. Her face grew hard and uncompromising, Deckard found it hard to look her in the eye. "I would rather have you come with me, it will lend credence to my situation."
	
	"I don't even know your vision," said Deckard, "what can I lead credence to?"
	
	"Open your mind to me," she said. "I've never tried it before, but it has to be possible."
	
	"Telepathy?" asked Deckard and het hought about it for a second. Yes, it was possible, it had to be. Nimue allegedly had a telepathic connection with Arthur, Guinevere and other select individuals. She could transmit her thoughts to them. Nemea was a Naiad as well, there was no reason for that ability to be unavailable to her. She could show Deckard her vision. He closed his eyes and he calmed down. He concentrated on everything around him and in a way, concentrated on practically nothing at all. It was freeing.
	
	'Do you hear me?' thought Nemea.
	
	'I hear you,' Deckard thought back. It was like an echo in his head. Almost as if he thought what she thought first. A man could go mad from telepathy, by the name of Jupiter, what a gift! He felt himself smiling. There could be entire worlds in one's mind that they could venture into by way of the depths of telepathy. Or dreams. One could enter their own dreams and never leave. They could spend a lifetime in a dream and wake up to find no time had passed at all. They could grow old, have children and come back to a world where none of it happened. 'Think of the vision,' he thought to her, keeping his eyes closed as he stood so very still. 'Just as you're sending me your thoughts. Send me your vision.'
	
	All was silent for a heartbeat.
	
	Then, he heard her gasp and then he saw.
	
	
	
	