	Clovis was a hunter. He liked to think of himself as a good one but in truth, he was only adequate and was propped up by in his hunts by the best hunters of the Salian Franks. There were times when he had practically figured out the truth but he chose to let the hunters continue to deceive him. It was a bit of joy for him for being the ruler of Tournai was not an easy job, especially for a king who was only eighteen. He had, however, received a good deal of advice this day on how to deal with the stresses of ruling a few thousand Frankish warriors from his elder cousin, Ragnachar.
	
	"There!" hissed Ragnachar, pointing the young Clovis in the direction of a full grown deer. The young king steadied his bow at it, however, before he could take any action, his foot stepped on a branch and snapped it. The deer, with the uncanny paranoia of its species, heard and fled like lightning, being out of the sight of the two kings before long. "She made out like a Thuringian princess!"
	
	"Our mothers are Thuringians, cousin," reminded Clovis.
	
	"Well, it's a good enough idiom," laughed Ragnachar and then he noticed the stressed look on Clovis' face. "What be it? What's bothering you now?"
	
	As a petty king, Ragnachar ruled over Cambrai and though he was nominally independent, his people relied on trade from Tournai. That was trade supplied directly by Clovis or by Chalaric, another minor Frankish ruler. Trade from Germania was mostly restricted due to the efforts of Syagrius, a self styled King of the Romans, who ruled over Soissons. Personally, Clovis doubted that Syagrius was a king of the Romans, since Romans had been reputed to have hated the titles of kingship since the days of the Ancients. Then, on to the south, it wasn't as if Clovis could easily trade with the Visigoths since Euric was famous for his idiocy.
	
	"It's the damn Britons again," admitted Clovis. "Their idiotic civil war is making trade hard."
	
	"How so?" asked Ragnachar.
	
	"There's a wall that an emperor of old, Hadrian, built," said Clovis. "Normally, the Britons supply it themselves but now, they're having us send ships there."
	
	"Which king? There's like fifty of them in Britannia," laughed Ragnachar.
	
	"Arthur," said Clovis. "Supposed to be a legendary commander."
	
	"Oh you idiot, Arthur isn't a Briton, he's a Roman!" said Ragnachar, continuing to laugh and slap Clovis on the back.
	
	"He can't be Roman, he's a king," said Clovis. "Romans have emperors, Caesars and Augustuses, not kings."
	
	"Well, that's true," said Ragnachar.
	
	"Plus, he trades with us, not Syagrius," pointed out Clovis, "and it would be much easier for him to deal with that one."
	
	"Well, I'd say stay away from Syagrius," said Ragnachar. "If he really is a Roman, he'll be gearing for war no matter what."
	
	Ah yes, the old Roman stereotype: the only thing a Roman loved more than politicking was warring. Was it true? Clovis' father, Childeric, had actually nominally allied with Syagrius. The two of them had worked together to rid Gaul of a Saxon stronghold that had seemingly showed up out of nowhere. From the stories Clovis had been told, the two kings fought side by side, almost like they were brothers. Since Clovis had become king, however, he had received no offer of these brotherly bonds from Syagrius. The Roman had chosen to insulate his stronghold and continue to act as if it were the empire of the Romans that ruled over the world of Gaul.
	
	"Let's get back to hunting," said Clovis and he set about to find the deer that had run off.
	
	
	
	