	Castle Camelot was not just restricted to King Arthur and his Mounted Nobles, their wives, children and the castle staff were allowed to stay there as well. Every year, expansions were done to the castle in preparation of more people moving in. Of course, the uppermost levels of the castle were restricted to Arthur and Guinevere, with only Lucan and Bedivere being granted the special priviledge to come and go as they pleased. The middle levels of the castle were dedicated to staff and the lower levels to the Mounted Nobles and their families. This setup was unusual, far different to Tintagel, which was far more of a traditional castle. Word had it that Guinevere far preferred Tintagel for those purposes and often stayed there even while Arthur was at Camelot.
	
	Raechelle and Deckard's room was more private than what they had seen of other rooms. It didn't used to be that way but about a year back, there was a period where Deckard had been assumed dead. In her mourning, Raechelle had gotten rid of some of their stuff. They barely had time to get more of it back and lo and behold... he was assumed dead again. Once again, Arthur's nobles had come to her, one hand in the other, to tell her how sorry they were. Last time, it was dead to a band of Pictish raiders and this time, to a band of Saxon ones. She didn't believe it. She had believed it then and suffered because of it. She refused to believe it now.
	
	"Lady Raechelle," she heard Lucan say as he knocked on her door. It had been one day. One day. Still, she opened her door and made her scorn clear.
	
	"What do you want, Lucan?" she hissed.
	
	"I just wanted to express my condolences," he slurred. "Deckard was a good friend of mine. I just wanted you to know that if there's ever anything you need... and I mean anything..."
	
	She couldn't hear any more. She readily grabbed a giant leather book from her desk and smacked Lucan in the face with it before closing the doors to her quarters.
	
	"Well, I deserved that," she heard Lucan say before he likely passed out.