	Tristan often came to Arthur's war room to plan his operations. He was unsurprised to find Mordred there. The boy had been arguing with Arthur ever since he came back, begging to be let to go back into the Wildwood to save Deckard. Tristan understood both of their reaons, he knew Mordred's passion. The boy looked up to Deckard, a lot of them did. He hoped that Arthur understood that too.
	
	"If I go back, will you help me?" Mordred asked him.
	
	"You barely came back," pointed out Tristan. "Now you want to go back for him? I'm sorry Mordred but Deckard knew the risks! Just as you knew them and just as Lucan knew them. We're lucky that Cymen didn't kill all three of you, especially if Lucan's account is true."
	
	"I don't care!" said Mordred, raising his voice.
	
	"No and you know Arthur will agree with me," said Tristan. "One of the Spartoi have been sighted. After that disaster in Cornwall, we can't tolerate them being here. With Leodegrance on the horizon and Urien just past that, I'm sorry Mordred, we need you."
	
	"We need Deckard too," insisted Mordred.
	
	"You're right," agreed Tristan, "but we can't risk losing you to get him back."
	
	"What's so important about me?" argued Mordred but Tristan didn't argue further, he just put his hand up and left the boy. Mordred was perhaps the most important noble in the ranks of the Mounted Nobles and he wasn't even Roman. Not that it bothered Tristan, who was really only nominally Roman by way of being Welsh himself. The son of Meliodas and Isabelle of Cornwall, Tristan was destined for much... but not this. His uncle was Mark, the King of Cornwall, and so many of the others at Camelot never really trusted Tristan. In that way, he empathized with Mordred. It was common knowledge that Mark's predecessor, Gorlois, was the first husband of Arthur's mother, the Dowager Queen Igraine. Many thought that Tristan had been sent to Camelot by Mark as a spy, one to avenge the stain that Arthur's father, Uther, had left upon Cornwall.
	
	In truth, Tristan came to Camelot because he feared Mark. Yes, his uncle had always been nice to him, had even fancied him as a potential heir to his throne... but he had seen his uncle's true face. He had seen where the prisoners of Cornwall went, how they all became a part of the sick tapestry that was Mark's desire to become a modern Nero. It made him ill to his core. He had to leave. Even if his parents disowned him for it.
	
	If given the chance, Tristan would have ridden out with Mordred into the Wildwood. They would have gone and saved Deckard - or at least recovered his body - together but they couldn't because they were lucky. If the South Saxons had not sent them Deckard's head on a stave yet, it meant that they had killed or jailed him without knowing who he was or to whom he owed his allegiance. If they went for him, there would be no question and Arthur's war would become just that much more difficult.
	
	They could not go and save Deckard for the dream that bound them all together.
	
	
	
	