	All throughout the Wildwood near the Clymenshore, the South Saxons had established a plethora of strongholds ever since they had arrived. The purpose of these strongholds was not to hold any ground but rather to identify any enemey advances. The South Saxons were not welcome in Britannia, that was something they had known ever since they first arrived. Whatever, it wasn't as if Wlencing cared. While he wasn't a fan of war, it wasn't as if he was a completely inept warrior whose only choice was to fear it. Thus, he made sure to do his duty and launch a general inspection of the strongholds whenever he had the chance. Right now, the inspection was practically complete and Wlencing sat in his study in the stronghold, wondering if he should go home or spend the night there. The funeral of Cymen was tomorrow.

	Out of all of his brothers, Wlencing was likely the best duelist. Cissa was a good enough politician and likely the next heir to the South Saxons just for that but as a fighter? He was as bad as a grunt soldier. Cymen may not have been the most skilled but he had incredible tracking skills and had incredible blunt force on his side. Wlencing himself mostly relied on fear in battle. Thus, as soon as he landed in Britannia, he established a reputation for himself as a cruel and insane blackguard. In reality, Wlencing was a lover of women and poetry and he fashioned himself more honourable than some of Arthur's nobles. Maybe even more honourable than Arthur himself.

	"Frederic, oh Frederico, come here!" Wlencing called and within seconds, his Visigothic manservant of that name appeared, bowing as soon as he came within his lord's presence. 

	Frederic was an old man who had come to the court of the South Saxons as a refugee a long time ago. He had been considered weak by the Visigoths and had thus been expelled by Euric, he wandered for years around the Rhine until he ran into Wlencing's father on a hunt. In that hunt, he helped the great commander of the South Saxons somehow and had been allowed to join them. Of course, being a Visigoth, the South Saxons had always regarded Frederic as lower than them and had treated him accordingly. Yet Frederic had always seemed grateful to, at the very least, have a place to call home. As soon as he was able to, Wlencing had requested Frederic as his manservant for unlike his brothers and even his father, he was the only one to tell that the old Visigoth was far more intelligent than he let on.

	"Yes, master?" he asked.

	"Frederico, old buddy, old pal," grinned Wlencing. "Tell me, goodness, what is the progress of Arthur's civil war?"

	"It is nearing a close," answered Frederico. "Reports have it that Cameliard is occupied by Arthur's soldiers, already its production has turned to favour the Welsh. Leodegrance will be captured soon if he has not fled Britannia. From there, Urien does not have the skill sufficient to beat Arthur in an open field, likely the sieges to his holds will cause his commanders to capitulate."

	"I see," thought Wlencing. 

	Yes, at this point, the only thing that would save Urien would be if he led the South Saxons into war against Arthur. Leodegrance was as good as done and besides, he was a vampire, it would best to let Arthur kill him. Urien, however, by all accounts was the type of man that Wlencing allowed the world to think he was. So the question was, when would be the right time to strike against Arthur? Even if Cymen had not died, Wlencing knew his father would have his forces marching against Camelot within a year. The crimes the South Saxons had done unto the Welsh would only be tolerated by Arthur so long and Wlencing's father could not blame the now almost all dead Welsh of the Clymenshore for his own failings as a leader forever. Both leaders needed it. Arthur, to show his peasants that an enemy still existed to defeat for their dream and Wlencing's father, to continue to deflect his own failings onto the Welsh. Within a year, one army would cross the Mercredesburne, that long ago agreed barrier between Camelot and the land of the South Saxons.

	"Why are you asking me this, master?" asked Frederic.

	"Because, goodness, I was wondering, do you think my father is a good king?" he asked.

	"My lord and master Ælle is a legendary commander of hundreds of battles," answered Frederic, that typical disgusting answer force fed to all stronghold servants.

	"Yes, a great warrior, but is my father a good king?" asked Wlencing. "Do you agree with his policies?"

	"It is not my place to even consider them," said Frederic.

	"Then I command you to consider them," ordered Wlencing, his face stern. Frederic's face drooped slightly and he appeared to breathe faster.

	"I think that your father does not want to be a king and makes his policies on that basis," said Frederic. It was as neutral an answer as he could give and even that betrayed his true thoughts on Ælle's leadership skills. Simply put, they were lacking.

	"What do you think my father will do about the Procurator?" asked Wlencing.

	"If the rumours are true," started Frederic and Wlencing waved him off.

	"Consider them true," said Wlencing.

	"Then I think your father's decision depends on what the Procurator does in Gaul," answered Frederic.

	"How do you mean?" asked Wlencing. "He will be going to King Clovis to get tribute from him."

	"You base that on rumours," insisted Frederic. "The Procurator meeting with Odoacer is part of his the requirements of his post. Do we know that he has met with Gunthamund? It is verifiable but it will take a while. Do we know he has met with Euric? That is easier to verify. If I would judge the rumours as true, then yes, the Procurator has likely met with Gunthamund and Euric, because for better or worse, they are the undisputed rulers of their territories, just like Odoacer."

	"Get to the point," said Wlencing, shaking his hand to express his irritation.

	"King Clovis is not the undisputed ruler of Gaul," said Frederic, "your father just likes to see it that way. Yes, he is a Frank but he is still of Germania and as a young warrior king of a line of warrior kings, your father feels some sort of kinship with him."

	"If he's not the ruler of Gaul, then who is?" laughed Wlencing, almost shaking off Frederic's notion.

	"It has yet to be decided," said Frederic. "The events in Gaul mirror the events here. Just as Britannia can be said to be ruled by your father and Arthur of the Romans, Gaul can be said to be ruled by Clovis and Syagrius of the Romans."

	Wlencing nodded his head and dismissed Frederic, who left with a bow. Well then, whatever game the Procurator was playing depended on what pieces he chose. After all, it seemed Zeno was after tribute... but nothing was ever that simple. Still, Frederic's point was clear, if the Procurator was going to choose a kingdom to back in Gaul then he would also choose one to back in Britannia. The way Arthur's civil war was going, it would be clear that the Procurator would choose between Camelot and the South Saxons.

	"Well, this is just fantastic," muttered Wlencing and he slumped back in his chair.



