	The Great Palace of Constantinople, home to the emperors of Rome for over a century, was perhaps the most beautiful structure in the city of seven hills. It was home to Emperor Zeno, who once went by the name Tarasis. As a child, Zeno had little hope of ever becoming emperor, it wasn't even a thought he had. Perhaps there was a glimmer of future nobility after he married into a family of low level aristocracy. Zeno never should have been emperor but he was just too good of a soldier. After the Huns, led by the savage Attila, defeated the Romans in the Battle of the Utus, all of Constantinople shook with fear that their city would fall. Everyone was scared. Especially Zeno. However, as Flavius Constantinius defended Constantinople itself, Zeno led his Isaurian troops into battle. Zeno fought Attila himself and the battle waged on, he would have lost. However, Zeno's troops were more disciplined, more fierce and had true Roman honour. They won and every Roman knew the name Tarasis.
	
	Then, after the untimely death of his first wife, Tarasis shed his old identity completely and took the name Zeno as he wed into the imperial family. From there, the path to becoming emperor never seemed sure until it happened. Zeno did not think of himself as old, he told himself often that he was only nearing sixty. He still had time to leave the empire in capable hands. He still had time. He told himself that every day. Two days ago, he had to defend himself from a vampiric assassination attempt. Somehow, the vampire had made it past the iron strucutre all around Constantinople into his bedroom! Of course, no undead was a match for him. Regardless, that wasn't even his biggest issue at the moment. That was Theoderic, the bloody Ostrogoth.
	
	"Do you know why I hate the Ostrogoths?" Zeno asked the young man before him, a boy just shy of being a quarter century of age.
	
	"No," answered the boy, who had once been known as Romulus Augustulus and was once a fellow emperor of Rome.
	
	"They spent so long claiming to be allies of Romans," said Zeno, "and then one day, the Huns came and the Ostrogoths turned their backs on us! Now, Theoderic has the audacity to make demands of me? Me! I showed the world that the Huns were mortal like the rest of us!"
	
	"Why are you telling me this?" he asked.
	
	"Becuase, you young Flavius Romulus Augustulus, fallen emperor of fallen Rome," hissed Zeno, "are the key to destroying them. You are aware, I hear of Lucius Tiberius' operation for me?"
	
	"Yes."
	
	"Good, get ready to join him. You'll be accompanying soldiers handpicked by Theoderic."
	
	
	
	