	"Ah, Welsh, the name of compromise," sneered Lucan. "Whatever, see this job how you choose to see it. To me, this is just a task that Arthur has sent me on."
	
	And so, the three of them went on without another word spoken. The forest by the Clymenshore was dark, soggy and was filled with the sound of animals and a strange, faint buzzing. Deckard himself did not know the name that the Britons had given this part of the Wildwood, merely that it was known to be inhabited by things far more dangerous than mere animals. He had heard rumours that bears and even a lion once had been spotted here. Likely, it was the result of some conjurer playing with magic beyond his comprehension. Regardless, how those that Cymen hunted were able to live in this place had survived so long was beyond Deckard.
	
	After all, Deckard was not a child of the forest. He was born in Londinium but he was not so old to remember when the city was a bustling metropolis, even in the years following the abandonment by Rome. As a child, the Londinium that Deckard had been born to had been reduced to a small village of villas housing the wealthy, with the city proper home to a few poor families and a roving militia. Then, in the year 457, around Deckard's sixteenth year since birth, the Battle of Crecganford occurred, Hengest and his son Æsc fought the poor Welsh there and slaughtered them. Hengest and Æsc claimed Richborough Fort for the Jutes, by proxy gaining all that land which the Welsh had come to refer to as Kent. Regardless, whatever Welsh survived Hengest and his son fled to Londinium and the influx of refugees ultimately caused the city to be abandoned as a whole out of fear that the Jutes would pursue them there. Deckard didn't remember those days well. The memory was glassy but he still often heard about when the Jutes had reduced his family from Roman wealth to being blacksmiths in Caistor. He wished he could remember it better but it was so long ago.
	
	A woman's shriek broke Deckard's concentration as a woman, bleeding from the waist stumbled into their path from the shrubbery to the side. She didn't need to scream for help, it was aware to all three nobles that they had come into the path of Cymen's hunt. Before Deckard or Lucan could warn him not to, Mordred leapt off of his horse and rushed to the woman's defence. Though not a Roman, Mordred was far more like his uncle than Deckard knew that Lucan would care to admit. Mordred wasted no time in pulling the woman out of the way as Cymen's horse thundred through the shrubbery. If Mordred were even a second late, then Cymen would have had his head with the swing of his sword.
	
	"Well, well, well, what have we here?" boomed Cymen's voice from beneath his armour as he analyzed the scene. Mordred rushed the woman behind his horse and pulled out his sword on the towering Saxon. Deckard and Lucan were almost taken aback, how could they possibly hope to defeat this giant?
	
	
	
	