	Mordred didn't say anything to Lucan's taunts. He didn't have to. After all, it wasn't as if any retaliation would change the situation between them. From where Lucan stood, Mordred was a Briton with Pictish blood who had no right to be a part of the Mounted Nobles. After all, by Roman tradition, the Mounted Nobles stood in the class of the equites, an aristocratic order with deep ties to the Roman Senate in Constantinople. Mordred was an outsider granted a place among the Mounted Nobles only due to a tenuous blood tie with Arthur.
	
	Lucan was a womanizing, promiscuous, whoring drunk who criticized Arthur whenever he got the chance and often got into the wrong fights for the worst of reasons. It had taken Deckard a long time to figure out why Arthur even kept Lucan board as the butler of Castle Camelot. Was it because he was the brother of Bedivere? Was it because he somehow managed to perform his duties well? It was during a battle against Urien's Britons that had finally given Deckard the opportunity to understand: Lucan was the most loyal man in Camelot. The way Lucan fought in battle by Arthur's side was with a zeal that Deckard had never seen before. Arthur had clearly been able to forgive all of Lucan's vices in exchange for his true loyalty.
	
	"Did you ever see Leodegrance?" Lucan asked me.
	
	"No, I wasn't present when King Rience invaded his lands," I answered.
	
	"Oh, if only we knew his true nature then," said Lucan. "I'd have advised Arthur join Rience, not enter a dalliance with the daywalker. Ah well, at least Arthur is being sensible now, rectifying that mistake. Regardless, that's something to deal with when we get back. What's the word with Cymen?"
	
	"We ran into some Britons earlier, they said he's hunting today," I answered. "We stop his hunt, we save our people."
	
	"They're not our people, they refused to be our people when they rejected our offer to escort them to Camelot."
	
	"They are Welsh, if you will not accept them as Romans, same as us."
	
	
	
	