	It didn't take long for Cymen to find out and begin his seasonal hunts against the Britons in the forest. In truth, Cymen's hunts were a minor nuisance, nothing that Arthur should have concerned himself with war underway. Yet, when all the Mounted Nobles met at the Round Table they saw it in his eyes. Cymen's hunts were personal to Arthur for they brought a memory of the hunts of the Saxon master Twyti that happened long ago in the past. Few even remembered Twyti. Arthur had to deal with Cymen but nor could he afford to lose sight of the civil war. King Urien was so close to suing for peace. So, Deckard chose to go of my his accord and when he rose to take the task, Arthur asked him, would he fight alone? No, came the voice of young Mordred and he declared that Deckard would not and so, in short order they rode out together.
	
	"What's so special about Cymen?" asked Mordred, the first thing he'd even said since they rode out of Camelot.
	
	"I've heard talk from Saxon prisoners about his martial prowess," answered Deckard. "They've said he is the Turnus of the Saxons. Do you know Turnus?"
	
	"No."
	
	"He was a mighty warrior, belonging to an ancient tribe," Deckard told him as they neared the forest. "He faced Aeneas, ancestor of all Romans, and it was a battle which he should have been victorious in by all accounts but he lost."
	
	"So, why would the Saxons model their great prince after a loser?" scoffed Mordred.
	
	"Because, Turnus failed to crush the Romans before our time," Deckard answered, "they hope for Cymen to succeed and finish us, believing it is now after our time."
	
	Our time. Even a blind bat would have noticed the way Mordred flinched at that remark. Deckard often forgot the boy's origin, unlike the others. Mordred was the nephew of Arthur and by the way he performed in battle and politics, likely his heir - a fact that troubled most. Romans and Romanized Britons had long ago been grouped by the term Welsh by the invader Saxons. It was a term adopted by the Britons, the Picts and the Scotti. Yet Mordred did not fit into the mold of the Welsh. His mother was a Briton and his father, Lot, was a ferocious king of the Picts. Mordred was by no means Roman or even Romanized.
	
	
	
	