	Deckard rode with Mordred by his side in the final month of the year 484 of the Lord... the Lord... whose Lord? Not Deckard's Lord and certainly not Mordred's. Deckard was the last of the old stock of Roman families in Britain. He liked to think that in his earliest memories, he could still remember the honouring of Faunus in the festival of Lupercalia. It had only been a hundred years since the time of Theodosius and his instituting of the ways of the tribe of Christ as the worship of the state of all Romans. As strange as belief in Jove and Mars was getting in the world... it remained a part of who Deckard was, like somebody had said it and so it was.
	
	Earlier in the year, the empire of the Romans came under a twofold assault, on one hand, the usurper Leontius and his wife Verona initiated a rebellion for the right to rule against the Emperor Zeno. Leontius had been recognized as emperor of the Romans in Antioch but Zeno readily defeated him in battle. Word had it that Leontius was currently hiding out in the fortress of Papurius, scheming on a way to get the Romans to submit under him. Zeno was also forced to make Theodoric a consul of the Romans - this Deckard simply could not comprehend. Whereas Leontius was a snake, the Romans had already seen many snakes, the last of whom most could say was Ricimer, Theodoric was an Ostrogoth.
	
	Then there was Deckard and his companions. The equites, the Mounted Nobles of the Round Table, the honoured protectors of Britannia by whose very example of honour, chivalry and respect gave Arthur the clout to convince Riothamus to go against Euric's Visigoths. Riothamus lost that battle, he lost that battle badly and since the day he returned twelve years ago, all of Britannia had become consumed by a deadly civil war which now finally seemed to be in its final throes.
	
	Seven years ago, Ælle landed at the Clymenshore and founded his kingdom of the South Saxons alongside his three sons: the effiminate Cissa, the barbarous Cymen and the cruel Wlencing. Ælle slew the Britons at the Clymenshore and then had them chased out into the forestss. The Mounted Nobles thought them refugees and so, Arthur offered them sanctuary in Camelot. Arthur was refused, though and when the Mounted Nobles went to see why, they saw Arthur's dream come true. The Britons who had been chased out were Romanized Britons, they were brothers and sisters in arms. They were an example of what every Roman and Briton left in Britannia could become one day if they united against the Saxon invaders.
	
	
	
	