	"Arthur's Mounted Nobles, are we?" laughed Cymen. "Now, now, me and mine have no dispute with your king. Leave the pretty Welsh wench and be on your way."
	
	"We can't do that Cymen," said Deckard, remaining on his horse.
	
	"I understand," said Cymen and he turned to Mordred again, "Pictish idiot, at least learn how to hold your sword in the Welsh way first!"
	
	"Mordred, no!" cried Deckard, but it was too late and the youth charged at Cymen. From the demeanor at Castle Camelot, Lucan's insults and even Cymen's disdain, it had been clear that Mordred would brook no further insult to his descent. It was in vain, though, as Cymen soundly leaped off of his horse and swung at Mordred with a barrage of thundering blows delivered so fast that Deckard could hardly see them. This wasn't how Deckard or Lucan liked to conduct a duel but against Cymen, they would have to, even if it went against Arthur's moral code. The two nobles leapt off of their horses, Lucan quietly to the side and Deckard loudly to distract Cymen.
	
	"Another one!" laughed Cymen and he kicked Mordred down with his big steel boot. To Deckard, it almost seemed as if the boy went flying, crashing into a tree. Regardless, without even a second to spare, Deckard took the boy's place in the battle. He was slightly more evenly matched, but only slightly. Where he was a skilled swordsman, Deckard was also slightly older than Cymen and nowhere near as powerful. Regardless, he just had to hold the brute off for a short amount of time. Just when it felt like Cymen would overcome him, Lucan moved behind the Saxon and gutted him from behind. The buzzing grew louder. Cymen dropped lack a sack of bricks and Deckard immediately felt relief.
	
	"You stabbed him from behind!" cried Mordred, rushing up and getting in Lucan's face.
	
	"Yeah and you charged him like an idiot," said Lucan. "Would you have done the same to me if I kept on mocking your Pictish side?" Mordred said nothing but only glowered in response. "Your uncle sees a potential in you that I don't. Unlike your brothers, you're reckless and still a boy. Keep acting like this and you'll never be a man, let alone a king of the Welsh."
	
	"This isn't the time for this," Deckard interrupted and he pointed his sword to the woman that Mordred had saved.
	
	
	
	