	There's a thin line between love and hate. Once I prayed to God, oh how I prayed, to never let me cross that line. Now, I cross it happily.
	
	Once I was a good man. 
			
	As a child, I was often told me stories of Tiberius Julius Caesar, third Caesar of Rome. As a military commander, he was the best general in the world and all his military successes showed that. As a man, he was torn between love, duty and desire.
	
	I am not Uther, so, why do I feel the same way? I am a soldier, through and through. I fight for my father's honour and I fight to defend his nation - his great nation of Camelot. For all of its laws, Camelot failed that first time because Uther chose to rule pragmatically, without any emotion. In doing so, he damned us.
	
	There is war between the great kingdoms of Britannia and this war will determine the future of all us here. It was earlier this century that Rome abandoned us, almost three quarters of a century in the past, for their responsibilities lay elsewhere. After all, it was only a few years prior to the abandonment that the Huns - terrible barbarians with a disposition to cause carnage - pushed the tribes of Germania into retreat. The refugees of Germania, of so many tribes did they belong, crossed the Rhine and the devastation that they laid unto Rome collapsed their rule in Gaul, now the territory of the Salian Franks under Clovis. First, the strife in Rome took all our troops from Britannia and then came the Saxon raids, all culminating in the expulsion of Rome's officials and a demand, a begging more like it, of aid from the emperor. We got none and yet now, so many decades on, we still insist on being called Roman though there are so few of us left.
	
	It has been about eight years since Rome fell and although the empire of the Romans continues by way of rule over Constantinople, we Romans here at the top of the world are for the first time, truly alone. There are threats from every side. Percival, Bedivere, Tristan, Elaine, Iseult, Raechelle, Lynette and Lucius - I'm sorry.
	
	- Lucius Artorius Castus Pendragon, 486
	
	
	
	