402:
	Udaeus writes down his note, thanking Ctesibius before he is hunted down by the Picts.

406:
	The mighty Huns devastate the many Germanic tribes in a bloodthirsty war in Germania and Scandinavia.
	The Quadi, Vandals, Sarmatians, Alans, Gepids, Herules, Saxons, Burgundians, Alemanni and Angles cross the Rhine as refugees from the Huns.
	
407:
	The barbarian tribes that crossed the Rhine enter Roman Gaul and launch a campaign of devastation against the Roman cities.
	The Romans in Britannia come to fear that the barbarian tribes destroying Gaul will choose to target them next.
	The Roman Empire's military is taken from Britannia by a Flavius Claudius Constantine to fight the barbarians in Gaul.
	Flavius Claudius Constantine fashions himself the emperor of Rome against Emperor Honorius, with Honorius dubbing him a pretender.
	Emperor Honorius orders his forces against Emperor Flavius Claudius Constantine, not willing to bear any contenders to his throne.
	
408:
	The Saxons begin making their first incursions into Britannia, launching raids against the Romans and Britons there.
	The Saxons begin referring to the Romans and the Romanized Britons collectively as the Welsh people.
	Emperor Flavius Claudius Constantine raises his son Constans II to the position of co-emperor in his rebellion.
	
409:
	The magistrates of Rome are expelled from Britannia by the Romans, Britons and Welsh.
	Emperor Honorius reluctantly recognizes Emperor Flavius Claudius Constantine as a co-emperor.
	Emperor Flavius Claudius Constantine's most loyal general rebels against him.
	
410:
	The Romans, Britons and Welsh in Britannia appeal to Emperor Honorius for Roman military aid against the Saxons.
	Emperor Honorius refuses to send the Roman military to Britannia, thus officially allowing Rome to abandon its people there.
	Rome is sacked by the Visigoths led by King Brennus, making it the first time the city falls to invaders in nearly eight hundred years.
	
411:
	Emperor Constans II the Pretender is executed by the forces of the rebellion against Emperor Flavius Claudius Constantine.
	Emperor Flavius Claudius Constantine is executed by Emperor Honorius and thereafter known as a pretender emperor.
	
441:
	Deckard is born to a family of wealthy Romans in the near abandoned Londinium.
	
453:
	Arthur is born to King Uther and Queen Igraine in Castle Camelot.
	
456:
	Guinevere is born a daywalker out of the brood of the vampire King Leodegrance.

457:
	Hengest and Æsc lead their Jutes into Kent and slaughter the Welsh living there in the Battle of Crecganford.
	The survivors of the Battle of Crecganford flood the mostly abandoned streets of Londinium, irritating the wealthy nobles there.
	Deckard leaves Londinium with the rest of its population when rumours spread that the Jutes are marching for the city.
	Deckard moves with his family to Caistor where he finds work as a blacksmith, now poor where he was once rich.

459:
	[Possible Prequel Date]
	
461:
	[Possible Prequel Date]
	
466:
	Moraien is born to Aglovale by his extramarital affair with the refugee Sanada.

468:
	Mordred is born to King Lot and Queen Morgause of the Picts of the Orkney Islands.
	
472:
	Arthur convinces Riothamus to lead the Welsh against the Visigoths to reinforce the Roman Empire.
	King Riothamus is soundly defeated by the Visigoths in Gaul and returns to Britannia a depleted force.
	King Urien takes advantage of King Riothamus' depleted force to lead a rebellion against the Roman king.
	King Rience takes advantage of King Riothamus' depleted force and leads an army to invade King Leodegrance's territory.
	Arthur leads a small force to the defence of King Leodegrance and manages to defeat King Rience and force him into retreat.
	King Leodegrance allows Arthur to marry Guinevere as a reward for defending his territory from King Rience.
	Guinevere brings Arthur a Round Table, allowing him to organize his most loyal soldiers as the Mounted Nobles around it.
	Guinevere reveals to Arthur that she is a daywalker but does not reveal King Leodegrance's true nature.
	Aglovale's affair with Sanada is exposed and Moraien is revealed to Camelot to be his son.
	Arthur declairs that the only innocent in Aglovale's affair with Sanada is their son Moraien.
	Arthur forgives Aglovale but forbids him from seeing Sanada further, telling him to remain faithful.
	Arthur reminds the court that Uther's Law of Fidelity is still legal and any violations by his court will be punished by death.

476:
	Odoacer deposes Emperor Romulus Augustus and ends the western Roman Empire, becoming the King of Italy.
	Odoacer has Romulus Augustus sent in exile to Campania after taking pity on the youth.
	Emperor Zeno reluctantly accepts King Odoacer as his own viceroy ruling over Italy.
	King Odoacer pays tribute to Emperor Julius Nepos as lip service demanded by Emperor Zeno.
477:
	Ælle, Cissa, Cymen and Wlencing land with their army of Saxons at the Clymenshore in south Britannia.
	Ælle slaughters the Welsh at the Clymenshore and forces the survivors into the Wildwood.
	King Arthur sends the Mounted Nobles into the Wildwood to collect the refugees of the Clymenshore.
	The Mounted Nobles are turned down by the Welsh living in the Wildwood but are inspired by the people.
	Cymen begins hunting the Welsh living in the Wildwood as if they were animals, conducting his hunts in secret.
	
480:
	Emperor Julius Nepos begins plotting against King Odoacer to take Italy and become a real emperor of Rome.
	King Odoacer assassinates Emperor Julius Nepos after learning of the man's schemes against his kingdom.
	King Odoacer begins paying tribute directly to Emperor Zeno after Zeno abolishes the western empire of Rome.
	
481:
	King Leodegrance is exposed as a vampire after a messenger from Rheged escapes from his castle.
	Guinevere breaks down and tells Arthur about the true cruel nature of King Leodegrance
	Arthur declares war on King Leodegrance, splitting his forces against Cameliard and Rheged
	Deckard, Lucan and Tristan find King Leodegrance's vampire sons and kill them after a battle.
	
483:
	Deckard, Lucan, Bedivere, Percival and Tristan go on an expedition into the land of the Picts to kill Spartoi created by a druid.
	Deckard, Lucan, Bedivere, Percival and Tristan are led to believe that the druid who created the Spartoi is a ferocious conjurer.
	Deckard, Lucan, Bedivere, Percival and Tristan discover the druid to have created Spartoi of his family that died due to influenza.
	Deckard, Lucan, Bedivere, Percival and Tristan kill the Spartoi, even the ones resembling children and feel hollow afterwards.
	Deckard notes how the druid is not powerful at all but rather just a sad old man who only wanted his family back.
	A situation happens between Deckard and the druid and he is assumed dead by the rest of his companions.
	Lucan, Bedivere, Percival and Tristan return to Camelot and tell Arthur that they believe Deckard is dead.
	Deckard crosses through the Kingdom of Rheged alone and returns to Camelot, being given a hero's applause.

484:
	Leontius and Verona rebel against Emperor Zeno to try and seize control of the Roman Empire.
	Emperor Zeno's forces defeat those of Leontius and Verona, sending the pair into hiding in the fortress of Papurius.
	Emperor Zeno grants Theodoric the position of consul to prevent the barbarian from leading the Ostrogoths into rebellion.
	Emperor Zeno starts sending Lucius Tiberius to get tribute from the Germanic kings of the west.
	The Naiad Nemea arrives in Britannia, followed by her mystical sister Lethe, to seek out the council of Nimue.
	Mordred is allowed to join the Mounted Nobles of the Round Tables by King Arthur despite not being Roman or Welsh.
	King Arthur learns of Cymen's hunts and remembers the vicious human hunts that Twyti conducted in his childhood.
	Deckard and Mordred go on King Arthur's behalf to take down Cymen after he convenes a meeting on the barbarian.
	The Mounted Nobles discover King Leodegrance and his vampiric brood to be hiding out in the stretches of the Wildwood.
	King Arthur sends Lucan to reinforce Deckard and Mordred, aware that the two of them may not be able to stop Cymen.
	
486:
	Arthur writes his apology letter to his closest allies.
	The Battle of Mercredesburne takes place.
	
497:
	Original date of the Battle of Camlann.
	
503:
	Second possible date of the Battle of Camlann.
	
504:
	[Possible Sequel Date]

521:
	Third possible date of the Battle of Camlann.

674:
	Caedmon sings his hymn after allegedly receiving divine intervention.