	He was too late. Deckard fell to his knees as the river Lethe surged around Raechelle. She was the one dry spot as the river surged around her. Why had it not carried her away? It had formed before her to give her a start at a new life. Why had it not taken her to the beyond, where she would be reincarnated and given a new chance at all of this. Whether it was a new today, or something else entirely. This was the purpose of the waters of Lethe, was it not? He or she who drink from the waters would be cast off into a final sleep by Somnus, to awaken in a new day, where their past would not matter.
	
	Deckard stepped to the edge of the river but he did not step past Nimue. He was scared. What if the river retracted, taking Raechelle with it on its way. What if the waters pulled him in too, to pass him off to Charun for his final judgment. He had seen the future, he knew what was coming and so, Deckard realized, he wasn't just scared of passing through the waters to Raechelle, he was scared of staying behind and watching the world fall down around him.
		
	"You've seen the future, haven't you Nimue?" asked Deckard.
	
	"One possible future," she answered and Deckard shook his head.
	
	"We can change the future," he said, "but we cannot change our fate."
	
	"So, what will you do?" she asked. "I keep my sister here for you and your decision only."
	
	"If I go with her, I will lose who I am," he said, "and even if I do find Raechelle in my new life, I will not remember what made her special to me in this one."
	
	"You have done your work, Deckard," said Nimue. "You have done your duty but there's the thing about the magic of my sister, it works in remarkable ways. You may never find Raechelle where you end up but you one day remember everything. Nobody can no. However, if you choose to pass through and go with my sister, you can be done because you've earned it. You've helped save so many lives. You were given a small life, Deckard - an unremarkable life and you did something with it. Most men like you die of influenza before their twentieth anniversary of birth. So, if you choose to pass through, you've done enough for this world. Believe me."
	
	And so, Deckard stepped into the river Lethe, kissed Raechelle over the forehead, closed his eyes and let her go.