Carnage. Blood everywhere. Moans of the injured being provide no refuse from the battlefield but the option to lay where they fell and wait to die. The sky was bright, blue, without a cloud in sight with the Sun bearing down on every dead or dying man, drawing in the flies and wasps to their bodies all while the fighting rages overtop them. Soldiers slipped in the blood of their fallen companions, almost unable to make out whose side who was on. Then, atop what seemed to be the only green patch among the bodies was a brilliant display of swordplay. Soemthing that beautiful only happened at fairs and tournaments, not in the heat of battle.

On one side, wearing an imperial Gallic helmet of Rome adorned in the mail armour of Tiberius, the greaves of King Uther before him and clashing, with no helmet, was King Arthur. Not the Arthur of today, no, this Arthur was older, wiser and stronger. He did not hold Excalibur in his hands, no, instead he held the Red Death - the legendary sword of Julius Caesar. His opponent was different and wore no such armour and where he did, it was made of leather. This warrior was practically naked next to Arthur. His opponent had a shaved head and a shaggy black beard, with no grey within whatsoever. The blue paint covered his face and his tattoos glistened off of his rippling muscles. Yet this warrior, either some renegade Briton or likely a Pict, fought with almost as much vigor as Arthur and much more strength. In fact, from the view of the battle, it seemed that only Arthur's skill held him back from death.

Then there were the warriors, the forces of Camelot, dressed as they typically were in full armour but instead of winning, as they almost always did, they were losing and it seemed like, even with the dead present, there were half as many warriors as existed today. The Pictish tide, which one would have expected to remain behidn their leader, was slowly even moving past Arthur. The forces of Camelot were in retreat. There was no Lancelot at this battle, most of the Mounted Nobles were not even present, Lucan fought close to Arthur, Bedivere seemed to be there and little else could be made out. The Pictish horde was pushing the army of Camelot back into the mighty fortress, which by its sight, could only be Camboglanna. Camboglanna. This was the Battle of Camlann. This was the day the world ended.