	"Where are you going?" asked Nemea, practically chasing after Deckard as he left the castle.
	
	"Return to the castle," said Deckard. "I'll be back at the tavern by nightfall."
	
	"Answer the question, noble," she said.
	
	"The Procurator claims that one of the clay is in the camp of the Ostrogoths," he answered.
	
	"Oh."
	
	"They aren't letting him take care of the clay because according to him, Theoderic is linked to the Augurate," continued Deckard. "With a lot of the Ostrogoths at the festival, I should be able to sneak into the camp and take care of this."
	
	"Go," nodded Nemea and she turned back to the castle. Deckard took a look at her before he left, she was from so far away? Did she really know how important the business with the Spartoi was? Of course, most of the Roman empire was now based around Achaea, the birthplace of the Spartoi and it was indeed the original kingdom of the Romans under Romulus that established the Augurate, that guild which creates the clay men and women. Perhaps she, by way of her heritage, felt to some degree responsible for the Spartoi. Whatever the case, Deckard was glad that she did not argue the case any further.
	
	The Ostrogoths were not encamped too far away from the castle but it was by a marshland and so, technically not in the city bounds of Tournai. As Deckard made for the tavern to get his armour and sword, he thought about what the Procurator said. The emperor Zeno wished to destroy the Ostrogoths? Yet the Procurator was with the Ostrogoths? Whatever Zeno's plan was, it seemed incalculably complicated and likely stupid. One thing was clear, though, by the news that had reached Britannia from Constantinople, Zeno did not want the Ostrogoths to rebel but he also did not want to give Theoderic the position of consul. Ultimately, he had caved and by making Theoderic a consul in Constantinople, he had legitimized the barbarian. Zeno could not openly move against the Ostrogoths but still, why directly involve them with the Procurator if that was the man central to the plot to destroy them? The Procurator was either too smart for his own good or an idiot, after all, what was to stop Deckard from telling the truth to the Ostrogoth guards?
	
	Deckard was lost in thought over the Procurator's plans, hardly even noticing that he had already put on his armour and was on his way to the camp. The more he thought about what Zeno could be planning, the less sense it made. Why would the Procurator have to head all across the world to destroy the Ostrogoths? There was something sinister afoot, there had to be. If Zeno wanted the Ostrogoths dead without directly killing them, then there were thousands of ways to accomplish such a feat. Some plan involving the Vandals, Visigoths, Odoacer and the Augurate was something else.