	"So, the king's full name is Lucius Artorius Castus Pendragon?" Nemea asked Deckard as they reached the tavern in which Clovis' butler had provided them housing. "Why do all of you call him Arthur then?"
	
	"As a child he used to be called Warty," chuckled Deckard. "We call him Arthur because his full name is a mouthful, Roman names are. Pendragon as you likely noted, is not a traditional Roman name like the rest of his."
	
	"Yes, I was curious about that," admitted Nemea and she sat down on a table in the tavern. Deckard sat down opposite her as the tavern's maiden passed them each the keys to their rooms.
	
	"Arthur's father was a king named Uther Artorius Castus," said Deckard. "He was more of a historian than a king according to some and more of a warrior than a historian according to others. Regardless, he was considered to be old fashioned but keep in mind, this is a long time ago." Then Deckard stopped and he remembered, Nemea was of the line of Arcadius... he had to make sure. "Are you truly of the line of the emperor Arcadius?"
	
	"Yes," she nodded.
	
	"Do you bear any loyalty to the line of his brother, the emperor Honorius?" asked Deckard.
	
	"None whatsoever," she said.
	
	"Then I can continue," he said. "Honorius was the emperor who led the abandonment of Britannia by Rome. Under him, we lost all vestige of being protected by the Roman military. There was one time we got naval assistance against pirates but Honorius had abandoned us, he had done so legally as well, writing that we should look to our own to fend off the invasion of the Saxons. This was because in the years before, Britannia had been the source of the greatest rebellion of Honorius' reign."
	
	"The pretender emperor," nodded Nemea.
	
	"Yes... him," Deckard said hesitantly. "I'm not sure what Arcadius' reaction to him was... he was Flavius Claudius Constantine, named after the great emperor Constantine himself. It is likely due to that connection that he was even able to get his position. Regardless, he took the Roman military in Britannia to Gaul to try and establish his own portion of the empire opposite Honorius and Arcadius. How much of this do you know?"
	
	"Just that he failed, I didn't pay attention much to history when it was taught," said Nemea.
	
	"Yes, well, the pretender emperor raised his dldest son, Constans, to the position of co-emperor," continued Deckard. He found it odd to call the rebellious emperor the pretender, but it was easy enough to use to differentiate him from Honorius. "By this time, the pretender had four sons: Constans, Julianus, Uther and Aurelius. While Constans and Julianus were elderly, Uther and Aurelius were babies, born to the pretender's mistresses. The pretender's rule was at its apex, with even Honorius recognizing him. Then, everything came crashing down for the pretender, his greatest general rebelled against him, Constans II was executed and the pretender surrendered to Honorius' forces for a quick execution. I've heard Picts were involved in the pretender's downfall, but it has never been verified."
	
	"So, Arthur is the grandson of the pretender emperor?" asked Nemea. "Fascinating."
	
	"That's the story," said Deckard. "It is alleged that when Uther returned to Britannia as a child, he was given the name Uther Artorius Castus after a Roman military leader who lived here centuries ago. He added the title Pendragon to his name upon witnessing a comet flashing in the sky, mistaking it for an actual dragon."
	
	"Do you believe they exist?"
	
	"Dragons?" asked Deckard and Nemea nodded her head. "I believe they once existed but something happened... and now they don't. Maybe we hunted them all down." It truly wasn't a concept he gave much thought. Beowulf was alleged to have killed a dragon but there was no way that Deckard could verify that claim. "So... what was it growing up in Constantinople being the scion of an emperor?"
	
	"My family was well off," she said succinctly and Deckard nodded, it was clear she didn't plan on saying much more.
	
	"If I could have the attention of you two," interrupted the tavern maiden, "the castle butler has informed me that clothing for the festival has been prepared for you two. The tailor will drop it off in your rooms."
	
	"What time does the festival start?" asked Deckard.
	
	"By dawn, be at the castle," she said, "for if you're invited, King Clovis would hate to send some brutes after you to bring you."
	
	This should be exciting, Deckard figured, though he couldn't remember ever actually participating at a festival.
	
	
	
	