	Tournai was nothing like Camelot, Deckard had to note as he and Nemea rode in on a Frankish carriage. It was a lot more primal but at the same time, a lot more restrictive and subdued. As such, every street corner had two people who looked like even the smallest difference of opinion could cause a brawl to break out between them. Deckard didn't pity King Clovis, having to rule over such a powerful lot. Thankfully, the Franks had made no intention of crossing the sea as the Saxons had done. Clovis' castle was nothing like Castle Camelot. It was much smaller but just as wide. It was possessed of one large tower atop the gate into the castle and then two smaller ones at opposing endpoints. Past the gate was a magnificent courtyard before the castle proper.
	
	The carriage took Deckard and Nemea to the front of the gate but the driver refused to take the two further, shaking his head vigorously when they tried to pay him. He let out a prayer to some Frankish myth or God and quickly rode his carriage away. The two guards at the gates of the castle held out their lances at Deckard and Nemea for a brief inspection. One of the guard's seemed to recognize Deckard's armour and pointed out as such to the other guard. When the other guard looked closer, he must have agreed with his companion for he started laughing and happily allowed the two to pass through into the courtyard.
	
	"The reputation of your King Arthur precedes you," said Nemea as they passed into Clovis' beautiful courtyard.
	
	"Arthur is a great man," said Deckard. "He is over a decade younger than I and yet, I would give my life for his dream."
	
	"For his dream? Not him?" she asked and Deckard chuckled.
	
	"I cannot disobey my king's orders," he said. 
	
	Then, suddenly, he quickly put his arm out before Nemea and bowed down, motioning for her to do the same. Out of the corner of his eyes he had noticed Clovis and his royal entourage, far larger than usual, entering the courtyard. From his brief glance, he could determine there was a petty king alongside Clovis, or else the inflation of the entourage made no sense. Clearly Clovis recognized their presence and he wheeled his entourage over to them, with every handmaiden or servant attending to the courtyard similarly dropping down in respect to the young king. Deckard and Nemea both kept their heads lowered until they saw Clovis' hands indicate for them to rise.
	
	Almost immediately, Deckard could tell just how young Clovis was. The boy hadn't evens een twenty years of life yet. He was physically fit for his age, sure, but put next to Arthur, he would look a ward of the castle instead of its ruler. His beard was nascent and unfilling, giving his face a babyish look that indicated he had not yet been in a real battle. Deckard almost laughed when he realized, he was supposed to have been that young once. Regardless, he didn't speak and neither did the king until the castle butler, a fat little man very unlike Lucan, came between them.
	
	"Your names?" he asked in Latin.
	
	"Deckard, a Mounted Noble of the Round Table of King Lucius Artorus Castus Pendragon of Camelot," said Deckard and the butler nodded.
	
	"Nemea Honoria, daughter of the line of Arcadius, Emperor and Autocrat of the Romans," said Nemea and the butler nodded, taking a brief note of her eyes, while Deckard had to keep his jaw from dropping. A descendent of Arcadius? Honorius was well known as the emperor of the Romans against whom the Visigoths sacked Rome as well as the one who was notorious among the Welsh for abandoning Britannia. While Honorius ruled the western half of the empire, his elder brother Arcadius ruled over the eastern half from Constantinople. Deckard personally didn't know much of emperor Arcadius since his influence on the politics of the western half of the empire was minimal and the people of Britannia had little reason to know about him. 
	
	The butler walked up to Clovis and started whispering in his ear. This was not something that Lucan did for Arthur, so Deckard could only guess what the little man was telling him. Chances were, it was his note about Nemea's eyes, a dead giveaway that she was something beyond just human. However, with that done, the butler formally introduced the two to Clovis' extended entourage.
	
	"So, you're two representatives from the court of King Arthur?" asked Clovis in his rugged Latin. "How convenient, I was just about fed up with sending ships to Hadrian's wall."
	
	"Well, your majesty, that is why we've been sent," said Deckard, "I believe we have sighted pirates from Germania near Britannia, Jutes I believe. So, we will accompany the next voyage to the wall and guide it so as to teach the captain of it all possible tricks to avoid the Jutes."
	
	"Haven't the Jutes established land in Britannia?" questioned Clovis.
	
	"Yes," nodded Deckard. "They've two small settlements and two minor kingdoms, one of which used to be a greater power but is now more and more subject to the whims of the South Saxons."
	
	"So, these pirates are unrelated to them? Could it not be one of minor kingdoms sending forces to regain power?" questioned Clovis.
	
	"No, they are some new tribe out of Iutum," said Deckard and Clovis nodded.
	
	Clovis' easy acceptance of the alleged pirates of the Jutes showed his age. He was not the firm, strict but good king he could become or the vengeful tyrant that many kings did end up becoming. He was still a boy, malleable to the forces around him. Hopefully, Clovis wound up becoming as wise a king as Arthur. He didn't have to be bound by a dream to be one but it would surely help. As a king, Arthur was trusting and always wanted to see the good in people but such a simple ruse would have never worked on him, even when he first became king.
	
	"Well, there is a festival tonight," said Clovis. "I will have some courtiers provide you two with housing in the city. Come to the festival and you will be introduced to the captain of the ship sailing in two days, he will surely agree to take you."
	
	"Your majesty," said Nemea. "I'm afraid that the good noble and I have not the proper attire for a festival."
	
	"They shall be provided," said Clovis and he nodded at his butler.
	
	
	
	