	By the time Deckard and Nemea approached Clovis' castle, the sky had turned red and was already fading into black as the mosaic of stars in the sky began to emerge. The clothing that had been provided to them seemed to be reminiscent of that which the nobles in Clovis' entourage were wearing. There was just a small patch sewn onto Deckard's chemise that showed a sword in a stone. Great. Similarly, on Nemea's dress was violet and had a miniature insignia of the single headed Roman eagle sewn into it. Clearly, this was Clovis' way of indicating that these two were his guests of great renown and were not to be attacked.
	
	The actual celebration itself was mostly concentrated around the courtyard. The gardens off to the side of Clovis' castle were more areas of quiet reprieve, where guests could go to discuss matters away from the noise of the festival. There were jesters and bards, Clovis himself was seated on a magnificent throne in the middle of the courtyard with the lesser king Ragnachar right beside him. Surrounding Clovis and Ragnachar was an impressive entourage of trained Franks, brutish warriors who almost seemed like they wanted an assassin to come just so that they could fight. Had they not been Franks, Deckard would have guessed that they had all been raised on stories of Beowulf.
	
	Nemea mostly stayed by Deckard's side, although she stood slightly ahead of him to indicate that she was not his wife. There were a few Franks who could speak Latin fluently that came to Deckard to ask questions about Camelot. Some could speak Anglic, that language of the Angles which had taken root in Britannia, and were able to speak more in depth with the noble. Nemea mostly seemed to fend off questions from maidens and noblewomen, giving reserved answers about Constantinople, style there and the dignity of Roman men.
	
	"Butler," said Deckard, flagging down Clovis' loyal noble. "Where is the sea captain that your majesty mentioned?"
	
	"Ah, yes," said the butler. "I'll introduce you and the lady in just a moment. I've to announce our honoured guests."
	
	Guests? When the leader of the guests stepped into the court, it was almost like all went silent. Deckard turned around slowly as Lucius Tiberius, the Procurator of Rome, walked with an arrogant swagger to greet King Clovis with an entourage of Ostrogoths. "I present unto you, Lucius Tiberius the Procurator of Rome, and personal representative of consul Theoderic of the Ostrogoths and the Emperor Zeno of the Romans," announced the butler. Nemea seemed almost unfazed by his arrival but Deckard felt a shiver run up his spine. This wasn't the mission anymore, he reminded himself. The Procurator was clad entirely in armour and he walked with a swagger, practically raising himself above King Clovis. However, the Procurator was not stupid in his arrogance, he took note of every little thing around him. When he looked at Deckard, he analyzed him for a second. Deckard didn't know how, but he almost felt as if the man had learned everything about him just by seeing him once.
	
	The Procurator walked up to King Clovis and looked the boy king in the eye without even bowing. Then, he gave off a smile of arrogance, one that Deckard could tell was directed at everyone but Clovis. That smile essentially said that the Procurator knew tha the was not wanted but that he would do what he came to do regardless. The Procurator spoke to Clovis for a few minutes that seemed like an eternity. Deckard wished he could hear what they were saying but he knew, it was likely exactly what he and Wlencing had discussed. The Procurator had come to get tribute.
	
	"Noble, lady," said the butler, interrupting Deckard's stream of thought. Deckard turned to find the butler standing next to a hearty man with a bushy beard. "This is the sea captain, the honourable Ebbo. He will be making the trip to Hadrian's wall in the time of two days."
	
	"A pleasure," said Nemea as the butler left them to resume his duties.
	
	"Come to the wharf before I leave," said Ebbo, quite gruffly in fact. "I'll see if your tips were worth the trip of you coming here." With that, the fat Frank wheeled away to continue enjoying the pleasures of the festival.
	
	"Not a very pleasant man," Deckard noted to Nemea. She nodded in agreement but did not say much else.	
	
	"Noble, I wish to speak with you," said the Procurator, calling to Deckard as he walked over to him. With a signal of his hand, the Procurator told the Ostrogoths to stay back. The Procurator put his arm aorund Deckard's shoulder, almost as if they were old friends and practically pushed him to walk with him to an outside garden of Clovis' castle. Deckard looked back at Nemea but it appeared that she was being dragged into a conversation with some Frankish handmaiden. There were a few people already speaking at the garden, the Procurator's stare convinced them to return to the courtyard within seconds. "Ah, going into enemy territory is always dangerous but much to my pleasure I find you here, noble... a fellow Roman." Deckard looked at him curiously. "Oh, don't look too surprised... you are Roman, or whatever we call ourselves in Britannia nowadays."
	
	"Welsh," said Deckard. "We're being referred to as Welsh by the Saxons and Picts."
	
	"And in Constantinople, we're speaking Greek more than Latin," said the Procurator, "times change, names change but real Romans never do. I could tell you were one of us just by the way you carry yourself. It's a good thing you're here and already ingratiated with Clovis' court, it should make my task easier."
	
	"Which is?"
	
	"I have been sent on behalf of only Zeno, not Theoderic as the butler declared," said the Procurator and he looked around to ensure he was not being heard. "We're going to wipe out the Ostrogoths. Yes, I know... I'm with the Ostrogoths and Clovis assumed that I'm just here to collect tribute for Zeno. Odoacer was able to see through it all but he's a problem for a different day. Gunthamund agreed with me and Euric, well... you'll be hearing about Euric soon."
	
	"The Ostrogoths have never done me any harm," said Deckard. "Why should I care?"
	
	"Because you have a duty to your people and your empire," hissed the Procurator.
	
	"The empire that abandoned me decades before I was even born?" asked Deckard. That seemed to catch the Procurator off guard, he truly had no answer for that.
	
	"Fine, if duty to your people will not convince you, then maybe your duty as a man will," said the Procurator. "In my camp, outside of the castle, we have captured one of the Spartoi. The Ostrogoths have been known to secretly employ their services and so, they insist the one they have is not one. You know how dangerous the Spartoi are, don't you?"
	
	"Yes," admitted Deckard.
	
	"Then you know how dangerous it is for a tribe to hold so much power that they can use the Spartoi!" said the Procurator and Deckard knew, he was not wrong. "If you will not help me with Clovis, then do me the favour of verifying that our prisoner is one of the clay. One of the purposes of my mission is to weed out all of the Spartoi that Theoderic has had the rogue Augurate station all across the world."
	
	"That... is not why I am here," said Deckard.
	
	"Well, why are you here?" asked Procurator. "You are one of the nobles under the Roman king, Lucius Artorius Castus Pendragon, correct? I understand that Lucius Artorius has led hunts for the Spartoi. Even if it is not why you are here, it is your duty and even if it is not to me I still expect you to do it. I uphold you to the same standards as the rest of the Roman people, just because you've lived at the edge of the world all your life is no excuse."
	
	"I expect I'll see you again in Camelot, then?" asked Deckard.
	
	"Maybe you will, I'll need all the soldiers I can to rid the world of the Ostrogoth scourge," said the Procurator. "I'm well aware of this Lucius Artorius' struggles with this King Urien but know this, in the face of the Ostrogoths, this Briton king is a non-issue."
	
	"Why are you even here?" asked Deckard, trying to change the issue. "Wouldn't it make more sense for you to be bothering Syagrius? I doubt you'll be going to Urien if you come to Britannia."
	
	"What I do and why I do it is of no matter to you," said the Procurator. "In Roman hierarchy, I am of a post above yours and if you refuse to abide by our tradition, then as an envoy of an empire distant to you, it is still improper to question me. Now, go get your armour and head south out of the town. Find my camp, get in there and deal with the clay." The Procurator turned around and nearly left until he wheeled back around as if he had forgotten something. "Oh and one last thing, the Ostrogoths don't know you, how you get in the camp is your choice." With that, the Procurator returned to the festival, leaving Deckard lost in his thoughts.