	Two of the Mounted Nobles approached the dark cave in a mountain in which Leodegrance rested at the end of the night. In a few hours, day would come. The reason for this was that none of the nobles were capable of fighting in a dark cave and there was no way they would be able to flush Leodegrance out into the sky during the day. This way, they could provide him with a chance to fight them on fair ground. It was the most honourable decision they could come to in regards to a vampire king. While many of the Mounted Nobles had wanted to go, in the end, only two had been chosen by Arthur simply because one would certainly be doomed. When they suggested taking more than two, Arthur pointed out that logically, if the fight were to be restricted to the cave, having even three would work against the nobles due to spacing. Two was the perfect number, Arthur had told them. With two nobles, Leodegrance would likely give in to his arrogance but it would also give them the opportunity to sneak up on him. The two nobles had been sent with one extra horse in case they were able to capture Leodegrance. They were not the most famous of the Mounted Nobles either and as such, they hoped that this night would be the day they would wind up being as well regarded as Lancelot or Gawain among their companions.
	
	As such, Dagonet and Moraien got off their mounts with hearts of courage, wills ot steel and a mind completely full of fear. Around the Round Table, Dagonet was not really taken seriously, after all, he was regarded as the joker, somebody who played pranks on his fellow nobles and made witty remarks. Moraien on the other hand was regarded with veiled xenophobia by many of the other nobles. Unlike Tristan, however, he could not hide it for his mother was of those Berbers who fled Africa after the Vandals invaded. The two nobles were not even well acquainted with one another aside from the times Moraien had been on the end of one of Dagonet's jokes. They had no rapport whatsoever and so individually, they both hoped that they would not fall, for it would show the world that Arthur had made a mistake.
	
	The two trembled as they entered the cave, sword in one hand and torch in the other. However, they moved silently with the hope that they would be able to sneak up on the vampire. The cave seemed to grow thinner and constrict around them the deeper they descended. After a few minutes, Moraien had to snuff his flame, it was too tight and they had to rely on Dagonet's only. Moraien expected Dagonet to joke about their situation to calm their nerves but it seemed that the jokester was just as hesitant as he was, perhaps even more.
	
	Then, the cave opened up, at first slightly and then broadly. The two realized that they had come into a chamber. The roof of the chamber was quite large and seemed to go quite a ways up into the mountain. A quick glance revealed several other odd structures above them, including what appeared to look like stone bridges and doorways. That was something to think about another day, right now, their focus was on the giant robed figure standing silent with his backs to them in the middle of the chamber. Dagonet turned to Moraien and did a sleeping motion with his hands. Was Leodegrance asleep? Moraien just shrugged his shoulders. Neither of them had seen a vampire before. They thought again, why had Arthur chosen them for this mission? Did he see something in them that they didn't see in themselves?
	
	Before they could step further, Dagonet thrust the torch into the wall, wedging it in a way that it gave he and Moraien minimal light throughout the chamber. That was when they noticed the organic matter all around the chamber. They appeared to be giant eggs covered and connected by some dark tar that glistened under the dull light of Dagonet's torch. They had no idea what this was. Yet this tar and the eggs, they only stuck to the sides of the chamber wall, away from the entrance and in a way that made it seem as if they were receding from Leodegrance. An unexpected variable like this scared them even more than Leodegrance. They were nobles, though they feared the vampire they had thoroughly prepared before they fought him. What were these things all around them and him? Moraien shook his head at Dagonet. Whatever they were, they were not the mission.
	
	Moraien held his sword up as he walked to Leodegrance's prone figure and stabbed the vampire, who seemed to be twice his height, through the back and out the sternum. Leodegrance howled in pain and fell to his knees, forcing Moraien to quickly rip his sword out of the undead's body before it oculd be yanked out of his reach. Leodegrance wheeled around to face his two attackers, revealing his decrepit and broken frame to the two nobles as black blood oozed out of his chest from the stab wound. The first thing that the two nobles noted was how broken Leodegrance appeared to be. He was twice the height of Moraien but he was hunched, likely due to the stab wound. His skin appeared to be rotting and barely able to hold his grey beard but over his body, it seemed to be a bag that exposed all his bones. His crown was rusted and seemed almost drilled into his head. Then there was his sword, he held it one hand but it dragged over the floor as the vampire approached them.
	
	"There's no way we can take somebody like him outside," said Moraien.
	
	"You think?" scoffed Deckard. "He's a big, big boy."
	
	"My children, why?" asked Leodegrance as he lumbered before them. The two nobles steadied their swords for combat.
	
	"You should've cut his freaking head off!" squealed Dagonet.
	
	"Moraien," whispered Leodegrance as he lifted two fingers to his temple. "The son of Aglovale and his mistress, Sanada, despised by the noble's wife yet forgiven for his irredeemable sin by my son, Arthur."
	
	Moraien charged at Leodegrance then, unwilling to let the vampire read his mind any further. Dagonet saw his partner charge, shrugged and charged in against the vampire as well. Both nobles ducked almost on instinct when Leodegrance swung. His sword was large enough that it would have taken both of them to hold it off but any wrong move would have split them in two. Dagonet, being the closest to Leodegrance, took advantage of the duck, pulled out a dagger and stabbed Leodegrance in the ankle with it. The vampire howled and stumbled away from them.
	
	"Here we thought the big bad Leodegrance whose brood gave us so much trouble would be easy to beat," laughed Dagonet, his confidence growing.
	
	"Have you come to kill me... Dagonet?" asked Leodegrance as he raised his fingers to his ears again. "Always laughing, always making jokes because you fear that you are not as good a warrior as the rest. Always laughing because you fear that you do not believe in the dream as much as you should..."
	
	Unlike Moraien, Leodegrance's taunts did not serve to deter Dagonet from his course. He stayed steady as Leodegrance continued to inch towards the exit. Moraien circled around the chamber as the vampire's eyes stayed fixated on Dagonet. Then, when the opportunity presented itself, he held his sword to Leodegrance's waist.
	
	"Surrender now, vampire, or we will end you," said Moraien.
	
	"Why not just end me?" asked Leodegrance. "I am the gravest threat to your nation, am I not? That was what necessitated the slaughter of my brood?"
	
	"Your undeath continues because you are the father of the queen," said Moraien, "but such priviledge will not supersede further aggression."
	
	"Aggression? It was you who attacked me," said Leodegrance, but he dropped his sword then, raised his hands into the air and bent down on one knee. Not wasting a moment Dagonet pulled out the iron cuffs that Arthur had given him and quickly bound Leodegrance. The vampire's flesh burned as it came into contact with the iron giving off an ashy smell the nobles only ever rememebred from funeral pyres.
	
	This had been far too easy.
	
	Moraien grabbed an iron collar which had been hooked onto a wooden rod. He extended it and placed the collar over Leodegrance's neck before fastening it. The final instrument to be used in the binding of the vampire king was an iron muzzle. Throughout it all, Leodegrance did not squirm, he did not cry out in pain as the iron burned him and he did not look any of the nobles in the eye. For what they did not know was that Leodegrance was not just a vampire, he was a vampire elder. He had lived far longer than he let on and had he wanted to, he could have easily killed the two nobles in battle. He had tried to, after all, but then he remembered why he was even in that cave and what he was protecting. He had to surrender. He had to let them place him in chains from which even he could not escape.
	
	The nobles loaded him on the third horse and started to ride him back towards Camelot to throw him in the castle dungeons. They had to get him back before the Sun rose and incinerated their prisoner.
	
	Leodegrance thought a small prayer to Strix and closed his eyes. It would be good to see his daughter again.
	
	
	
	